{"jobName":"dsc10-10012019","accountId":"086609129331","results":{"transcripts":[{"transcript":"we owe you were listening to a UC San Diego podcast. All right, welcome, guys. At this point, I think many of you have been moved into the class from the wait list. So that's good. At this point, the remaining spots on the wait list will just open up if if people drop. Um, So if you're enrolled in the class or if you're on the wait list and wanna do the work Thio, keep up with the class. The first assignment is out. The lab was posted this weekend and it's due on Friday. So many of you have started it. I was happy to see that if you haven't started it, you'll definitely be able to start after today because we'll go over a lot of like the basic programming stuff today on Dhe. Then we just released the first homework, which is gonna be due Monday of next week. So if you want to follow along with the notebook that I'm doing today could go to the class website, which is dc 10 dot com on the schedule town. If you hit the word lecture, it'll take you to Jupiter Hub, where you can log in um it may not grab the newest contents of my lecture directory because you have to click the link after you log in. So log in, then go back here and click the link again, and then it should grab the latest stuff. Okay, um, I have a copy of it running locally on my computer so I don't have to rely on the Internet. The Internet's a little bit patchy in this building, So this is a Jupiter notebook. If you haven't started the lab yet, this is the environment in which we'll be working. Uh, Jupiter notebooks used to be called I Python Notebooks. So the file extension, I guess you can kind of see it up here is that I pi and B, um, stands for I python notebook. So python is the programming language that we use. Jupiter notebooks are the like interface that we see. And Numb Pie is one of many packages of sort of predefined tools that can help you. I have my notebook set up. Thio go in this presentation mode so you won't be able to do this unless you download some extra stuff. But it's the same content that's displayed in the notebook, just like in a more friendly form for presentation. Okay, so we're gonna learn programming in this class as I told you last time. And python is the tool that will use There's lots of different languages but pythons particularly popular for data science, because it's fairly easy to learn, and it doesn't have a lot of overhead and complicated ways of doing things. Um, so in this class will learn just as much as we need to actually start answering questions about data. The notebook environment that we're using, as you can see has text in there as well as code. So their these Jupiter notebooks air really useful not just for like, writing programs, but for presenting data analysis right so often, When you answer data science question, you want your insight to be used for some purpose, like maybe business, right? You're tryingto analyze something about a business and make recommendations for how the business should should act based on the data. So you might find yourself needing to present the data analysis you've done to an audience, right? So this is nice, because you can combine the code with slide show text presentations um in addition toe presenting. It's also good for yourself. So, like annotate what you're doing. If you're working with partners or teams, it's really helpful that you can have, like, text or equations. Even you can write math equations with nice formatting, so you can really like. Basically, you can write a textbook in a Jupiter notebook, and that is what your DSC 10 textbook ISS. Last time. I think I've tried showing you the interact button on the textbook. So links and resource is on. Our website has the textbook and just goto a certain chapter. If I want to interact with it, it gives me basically Ah, the Jupiter notebook from which the text book was created, right, and you can play around with it. Last time the this interact link was broken, but I believe that they fixed it now. So we'll see. So yeah, this is like the notebook that is your textbook, right? So in a sense, your textbook is just a bunch of different Jupiter notebooks put together on this website, and you can play around with it. You can actually execute cells, but Jupiter notebooks are really useful for the type of thing we're doing in this class, but they're not the most useful thing for all purposes. There's lots of different programming languages and different environments that are good for different things. Jupiter notebooks aren't really good for big projects because they're slower. So if you're doing like a real big software development project, you'd choose some sort of, ah compiled language like Java Sea or something. But it's perfect for what we need in this class. Okay, I'm gonna get out of the slideshow mood so I can show you. The different data type are the different types of cells. So the notebook is broken up into these sequences of sort of boxes, which are called cells, and every cell has has a type. There's actually more than two types. You can change the type of a cell right there in the menu. Up there. Mark down is what we'll use for text and code is what we'll use for python code. So this cell right now its type is marked down. You see that right there? Um, and if you wantto look at a code cell click on this one, right, it says that it's code. So I said that a notebook can mix text with code, so code is code, Right, But text is marked down. All right, so Mark down is actually ah ah, formatting language. And it looks like text looks like a bulleted list right here. But if you double click it, this is like the underlying, uh, formatting that tells the notebook to display these words in a certain way. So notebook cells have two types. That was kind of the header of my slide. Uh, the fact that there's this pound sign in front of a makes it be a header. If I put £2 in front of it, it's a smaller header. Right? So the more pound signs you put, the smaller it looks. Uh, what else? These asterisks. What do you think they dio? That's like the bullet points. Yeah, And then there's also these single quote things around it. Let me try taking it out, and I'll show you. Do you see the difference? It's pretty hard to see on the projector, but, um, the word code as this gray highlighting in the word mark down doesn't so that came from having these tick marks around it. Okay, so basically marked down is like a formatting language, and it allows you d'oh display text however you want, right? So it's kind of like a, you know, word processing in a way, but it's it's more simplistic. It can't quite do as much in this class. This is not at all the focus of the class, right, but it's just good to know how to do basic things like change the type of your cell and howto I don't know type things, and you'll you'll learn any markdown you need as you go. What Basically, what you'll be doing in class is changing the code cells and will provide the mark down cells, which have explanations of the problems and what you need to do. Does that make sense? So I'll go back to my slide view. The part that you're gonna be working in is these code cells, so python basically can act like a calculator. You can type in some expression and ask the computer to evaluate it, right, So I'm sure you've used graphing calculators. I use Google like this all the time to just do simple math things. Well from Alfa, I use like this right So it's just a system that can evaluate expression. So I don't know. What do you want to evaluate? Two times 75 Right? Uh, the way I enter the way I get the computer to actually calculate it is I hold down the shift key while I press enter. If you're in the er regular notebook of you, then there's a run button, this one, which does the same thing. But it's a lot faster t to do the shortcuts, so shift enter is like the most used thing that you'll you'll do all quarter. Whenever I teach this class, I get in such a habit of pressing shift. Enter that whenever I'm just like writing an email or something. I'm always like Shift enter shift enter. Just become second nature. Uh, so, yeah, you can type standard sort of math expressions and have it evaluate for you. All right, so it's not really mind blowing, but it's important thing to be able to do. Yeah, so this is all sort of within Jupiter. Jupiter is a cell based model where you can run little pieces of code at a time. If you were like typing a python program you'd have to, like, run the entire program. Yeah, Um, so, the way sort of the computer, like Caesar code and turns it into something. It basically has these three steps. It reads what you've written. It evaluates what that answer should be right, And then it prints the outcome. If you put a, uh, a pound sign in front of something, it becomes a comment. Right. So you can write text, you can write expressions. You can write whatever you want, but it's not gonna be looked at, right? So if I put a pound sign in front of one plus two and then do three times seven, right, it doesn't even really look at the one plus two. It ignores the comments and adjust as of the code. So if you have multiple expressions, he said, if you have multiple expressions, it can't do both of them three times seven and five plus five. So it only shows you 10. So actually, the computer is calculating both of them, but only displays the last expression. If I want to see the answers to both things, I just need to do them separately. I could do three times seven here and I could d'oh five plus five here. Okay, um, let's talk about these little numbers. These numbers on the left 46 and seven, sort of keep account of which sells I've executed in what order? So the very first thing I execute in the notebook the very first cell Where do shift Enter has a one in it? It was the first thing that I asked it to Dio and its output was the first thing to come out. All right, so this sort of keeps track of the history of what commands you've done. In what order? Um, things could get very confusing. If you run your notebook out of order, I can probably show you an example of that later. But as a general, practice like tryto work your way from the top down. And that's why before we have you submit your homework, we ask you to, like, run everything from the top down. And that catches a lot of problems because sometimes people think that they passed because they were able to get the test to pass. But when you run it from top to bottom, it doesn't pass because they somehow like did things out of order to get it to pass. And the way we grade A is always by doing it in order. That's a really good question. No, they're all independent. So if you run self or you're just running cell four Yeah, that makes it fast. Because, you know, if you had 100 cells and if you were in cell 100 required to do all the other ones would be, like a long process. Yeah. No. So we'll talk about imports later, but you just do it once at the beginning, and it'll sort of keep it for the rest of the program. Okay. Anything else? Um where's five? Why does it go for six? Seven Kind of can explain, but you mean I deleted it. Oh, did I delete the cell? I can't. I don't think I did. What did I D'oh in the back? Right. Let's run the third cell again. Now it's the A thing I did, right? So that's that. Third cell was both was sick. This was it. The seven thing that I did and the thing that I did right, but it only shows the most recent one. Does that make sense. And while it's working, I don't know if you notice it's pretty fast. But there's an asterisk, all right, that means it's it's thinking. And if your program gets stuck on that asterisk, it could be hung up. Uh, so let me show you sort of what to do and go to Colonel Interrupt and then Colonel Restart, kind of like starts everything again. Questions those three cells. Yeah, here. Well, now would be 10. There's a tent thing I've done in the notebook. Yeah, that makes sense. So what can you do with Python? All the basic arithmetic stuff. Here's a table of stuff. The operate the operators that you use are pretty standard except exponents is a little unusual. Most programs would use a carrot symbol for that, but this uses a double asterisk, and Python knows the standard sort of order of operations. You couldn't put parentheses. Thio make it easier for people to understand, Right? So this says two to the power for gonna writhe two to the power for times three to the power one times for all right. What's to the 4 16 times? Three times, for that's what it's doing. Um, 192. The parentheses aren't necessary here because the order of operations says that you do all the exponentially ation first, and then you do all the multiplication, so I'm gonna get the same answer. But does anyone wanna look at this and, like, figure out what it's trying to? D'oh, That's horrible, right? So it's a lot more readable when you put the parentheses. So even though it's not always necessary, it's always a good idea. Um, this one, the parentheses are actually mattering, right. This is six squared, and if I remove the parentheses, it becomes three squared, which is nine times two is 18 right? So it matters. Okay, So, up until now we basically just been using python as a calculator, right? Google can do this. Lots of other programs could do this. Um, this is where you start being able to dio something more useful and interesting, right? Have you ever used the answer button A. N s on a graphing calculator? What's that button do? Yeah, sort of grabs the previous answer and saves it so that you can use it again in a calculation. Right. So if you're a calculation has lots of steps. You can do it in pieces, take the previous answer, and then double it and then take that answer and subtract something from it. Whatever. Um, so the way that that python handles this sort of thing of keeping track of a previous result and allowing you to use it again is with variables. So variable is just ah, sort of a box in the memory of the computer. I think of it as, like a designated space for some value that you get to decide. All right, so the value could be any expression, and the variable could have any name. So you get to name your variable, and you get to decide what value it takes on. Um, And the way you do that is making a statement like this the variable name you use the equal sign and then you put an expression and what this does is it changes. The meaning of the variable name, toe toe have the value of the expression. Right. So after this, the variable called my variable, it's equal to the five. It's not equal to the two plus three expression. Basically, it evaluates the expression and saves that as my variable. Kind of like the answer button on a calculator. Right. If you got some answer on your calculator by doing the quadratic formula or something and you saved it as answer. Once you start using that answer in a later calculation, it doesn't remember where the answer came from or that it was the result of a quadratic formula, Right? It just knows what the number waas. Right. So it's just the value that gets saved, Not the expression. Okay, So what happens when you run? Uh, an assignment statement like this? These are called assignment statements. Well, what happened? Seems like nothing happened. Right? Um, but something did happen. Just doesn't show you what happened. So when it says my variable equals All right, my variable is not a name that the python program has ever seen before. Right? This is the first time it's encountering those those letters. M Y v a r i a b l e. Right. It doesn't know what that means. You could put your first name. You could put anything you want there. It doesn't know what it means, right? So it sees something in it, interprets it as a variable which I just think of as, like, some set aside space, right? And then what is it gonna put in that space? You? The equal sign tells it what to put in that space. So two plus three, it evaluates that to five, and it puts five there. Okay, but how do I know that anything happened, right? It didn't output anything like my previous cells have done. Um, I can just type the name of the variable, and it will show me what what it contains. All right. So that's how you can check that. Something actually happened as you expected. If you just take the name of a variable, it displays the contents of that box and memory. So typing the name of a variable displays its value. Great. Okay, so what if I run this in excel? My variable equals two plus 40 yeah, Go ahead. Well, they run independently, but they sort of so yeah, running Sell 17 doesn't cause cell 15 to go. But since sell 15 already went right when I did sell 15. That saved the value five as my variable. And now I'm just asking, What's my variable? Right, Right. They're not like separate programs are like they do build on one another, but they're independent in the sense that running sell 17 doesn't rerun. Sell 15. Yeah. Um, so this is pretty similar to the answer button on your calculator, right? If you just type, answer and then enter, it'll show you what? That answer waas, right? If you type answer plus five, it'll show you five more than what your answer was. Okay. And just like on a calculator, you can update the value of answer by doing a different calculation. Right? And I can update the value of my variable by doing a different calculation. So this next cell, right? What's it going to? D'oh! It's going to make a box and memory called my variable, But this already has a box and memory called my variable. So it's not gonna make a new one. It's going to use the same one, right? So it's basically just gonna change the value that stored here. So it used to be five. What's it gonna be now? Two plus four. So it just replaces the value with six. And once it's been replaced, you have no way of figuring out what it used to be. It's just one spot, one number. You're not keeping track of its history. Great. So here's my variable. If I ask for its value now, I'll get six. Right. So let me run these again. I'm setting my variable toe five. I'm asking for its value. Its five setting my variable to six. I'm asking for its value. Its six. Yeah. Yeah, this is a good question. So try running cell 20. Okay, So that first cell I've just run. Now I'm going to skip this. Skip this. Run this. What's it gonna print? Five. The thing that's in my box right now, it's five. And this is a good illustration of why you want to run yourselves in order, right? Because if you're looking at this right, it looks like assuming that you ran everything in order, it looks like my variable is printing five. When it's supposed to be printing six. That could be potentially very confusing. Um, so if you run everything in order than like, the output will be consistent with what you expect. Does that make sense? Oh, another thing I wanted to show you was if you're tryingto let's say, display the output or type of variable name. You could just start typing and then hit tab. It's super useful. Especially if you have a lot of variable names. You don't remember exactly what you called it, right? Tab is how you auto complete. Okay, so my variable is five now, try doubling the value of my variable. So it seems like to double it. I would need to multiply it by two. So then I get 10. Who? I'm gonna move things. Okay, so my variable is 10. But if I ask for it to display the value, it actually shows five. Right? So that's the correction. That's what I need to do to fix what went wrong. Good. Yeah, sure. Right. So all I have done right is ask for an expression, right? I'm just using the computer like a calculator and asking, What do I get if I multiply that number by two and it tells me, but it doesn't save it anyway unless you ask for it to be saved. Right? So basically, my variable was set to five, and I asked it to take that value and double it, and it just did that and showed me the answer. But what's in my box? Still five. Right. So if you want to update your box, you have to do this. Take that result, which is 10. Right? And store it in my variable. That makes sense. So the way you you read this expression This statement, this assignment statement it's called, is you Look at the expression on the right and that's some value, right? And you assign that value to the variable name on the left. So this works now. But this points out something that's pretty different about the way the equal sign is used here, right? Mathematically, if you read this as an equal sign, right, this doesn't make sense. My variable equals my variable. Times two. That's like saying X equals X times two, right. The only solution that has zero. Um, but my variables, not zero. Right? So I'm not using the equal sign to mean that the item on the left is equal to the item on the right. I'm using the equal sign as an assignment, so I think a better choice of symbol. It would have been like a left arrow, and then it would say like my variable. Where is getting place? Something is getting placed into it right? And the thing that's getting placed into it is my variable times two. So when I read these statements allowed, I don't say my variable equals my variable times, too. I say my variable gets my variable. Times two. I use the word gets to describe what's happening that variable. That space and memory is being assigned some value. So try to think of it like that. That will help a lot. I think. Any questions on those examples? Okay, the probably one of the most common mistakes that we see in this class is Is this changing the value, wanting to change the value of a variable, but not saving it back in the variables name? So then it's just computing some change, but just printing and throwing it away, and the underlying variable doesn't get changed. All right, so that's what I had originally. I just had my variable times two. Right. I need to set my variable equal to that value. Yeah, so that's a shorthand. That means the same thing. We won't use that in this class. It means exactly that. Okay, So let's see what happens here. This illustrates another difference between the use of the equal sign and programming versus in math. So this is a signing x 22 and it's a signing wide of three. More than that, right? So what do you think's why is gonna be five, right? But if I change X 24 why stays us five? All right, this makes perfect sense when you think of the box, right? That's why I really like this box. It's saying the first line make a box called X Put two in there. The second line is saying, Makes up. Make a box called Why Put three plus X in there and to figure out what X is. It looks at this spot, and it sees the two, so it puts three plus two or five there. Right Then the second cell changes extra for and then the last cell. I'm simply asking what's in the box for why it's five, right? But this is very different from math, because in math, this line y equals three plus X would be defining a relationship between X and Y. That would be saying that why is exactly three more than X. Right? And if that were true, then the value of X would determine the value of why and why would always be three more than X, right? So, in math, if Y equals three plus X and X were four, right, then why would be seven? And that's not how it happens here. Right? So these are sort of subtle differences. And if you keep this memory model the boxes in mind, I think it helps a lot. Ok, any questions so far? Yeah. Sorry. Say that again. Why? Um, I guess it's a Jupiter, but lots of different programming languages have something like that. Yeah. Okay, call expressions. So, so far, you've just been doing expressions by the basic math symbols, plus times, divides, subtraction. But there's more things you might want to do. Like even your graphing calculator right has more features than this. It could take the sign of a number the log of a number of the absolute value of a number. Right? So these things exist in python and they're called functions, just like in math. The input to a function is called an argument. So this is a function absolute value function. It takes as an input a number right and returns the positive version of that number. Sport return zero if the input A zero. Right, So this works just like normal, absolute value from math. But this a B s was like a special thing. That python knew what to d'oh, right? I didn't tell it what a B s meant at all. It just sees those letters and interprets it to me in the absolute value and knows how to do that. Right? So notice this displacing green. That's like a special indicator that Python is treating this as as a special function. So ABS is a pre existing built in function. There are others that I'll show you in a little bit in general focus. Not so much unlike learning the specifics off of the things that I'm doing. But more of like the concepts and techniques on tests and stuff will give you a list of available functions, right? So it's not just like, do you know what this huge list of things condo's. We'll give you the huge list of things and what it can do and will ask you questions of like, how you put them together and answer a question about data. Um, you can name functions, right? So absolute value has its own name. A B s. Right. But what if I want to call it something else? Maybe I want to call it f, right? I couldn't do that. So the first line here is an assignment statement. I'm assigning this function Thio a variable called f. Right. So it's a little different than what I've been doing before. I was assigning numbers. Now, now I can assign functions. Um, and then you can just talk about F of X, right? And it's going to do the same calculation that he did earlier. I don't think you need to use that too much, but it's something you can do. Sometimes the number of arguments to a function can be more than one can even vary, Right. So absolute value only took in one one value, right? It wouldn't make sense to ask for the absolute value of multiple things at the same time. Right. But the maximum That's something where you you do need a bunch of things, right? So I'm just asking, what's the largest of these numbers, right? So this has four arguments, but I can take the max of a different number of values, and it still works. All right, So this max function has a varying number of arguments. So one question very natural question is like, How did you know to use ABS and Max? Right? What functions are there and how do they work, Right, So we'll answer the second question first. How do functions work, right, and then I'll show you how to find out what functions are available. So let's say there's a function that you know exist, like the rounding function you want around the number 1.22 It gives you an answer of one, right? But But what exactly did that do? So if you type the name of the function and a question mark, then do you shift? Enter. It'll display at the bottom some documentation for for what the function does. These can be hard thio to read and interpret, especially when you're new. You'll get better with practice at figuring out what this means, so it gives a description of what the function does, and it gives a description off what it takes in as inputs and what it gives out as outputs. So this looks like it takes in a number. The brackets mean that there's an optional additional argument, right? So anything in brackets, you can add it, but you don't have to. So here. I didn't have that second argument, right? I just had the number as the input and the output is a number, right? It took in 1.22 and output it one. So it rounded my input number to a given precision and decimal digits. And the default was no decimal places, right? So it basically rounded it to the nearest integer with no decimal places, um, returns an inch when called with just one argument. Otherwise it would have the same type of the input number. So what if I tried rounding it toe one decimal place 1.2? Okay, if I tried rounding it to two decimal places, you get 1.22 I don't know what happens if you do this three decimal places while there's only two to begin with, so it still gives you two. There's, like, weird stuff. It says you can even, ah, number of digits, maybe negative So what does it mean to around something to minus one digits? I don't know. All right. You have an idea? Yeah. So I think that's what it might mean. Um, like to the nearest multiple of 10. Right. So let's try it out by, like, doing a much bigger number. 11,244. Yeah. 11,240. Let's change this to 11,247. It seems to do what you said round to the nearest multiple of 10 right? But I'm not quite sure. Right. So this is a great time to use Google. Okay, Feel free to look up. Sort of the meaning of python functions. And all your basic python questions can really be answered on Google. So don't be afraid to use that tool. Um, what do you think's gonna happen when I do the last cell in error? Yeah, that's right. What's gonna happen? What's wrong? What? The number of arguments, right? The description of the function waas. It definitely needs the first number that you're going to be rounding. You can optionally give it a number of digits, but you can't give it three things so it's probably gonna be an error. One thing you'll get practice with as you program is interpreting error messages. This one's a fairly easy one to interpret. It says round takes at most two arguments, but three were given, right? So you can input one or two different numbers, but you can't and put three different numbers. No, that makes sense. What, like something like something that's not a function like this are Oh, you Oh, um, yeah, I think that works to, um it depends on the at what was in that library and what they put as a documentation. There's another way of getting the same help, right? When I did the question mark, it sort of was this pop up window at the bottom. If you type the word help surrounding, um, helped parentheses and put the name of the function close parentheses, it gives you the same exact information. But it's sort of just in the notebook. So whichever you prefer. So this is the other question. What functions can you use? This is the list of all the built in functions. A lot of these seem really weird and ones that aren't so useful for for data science, right? If you were working with a bunch of data, what's something you might want to dio? I don't know, like alphabetize it or count how many unique values there are something like that, right? These things aren't aren't in this list. So this is, ah, useful. It's useful to be able to do these things in certain instances, but there's way more that you'd want to be able to do that's not listed here, right? So these are the ones that are built in. But people have put together packages or libraries or modules of functions, which are just like collections of functions, and they make them available toe other people to use. So what we'll do in this class is like pull certain of these packages in and then use the functions that exist in them. So an example of this is the is the math. There's a math module, which is just like a collection of things that you might wanna use if you're doing a math problem, right. Like sign and co sign weren't on this list of built in functions. And unless you want to like, make your own function that given input computes the sign and coastline of it. That would be actually quite hard. I think you only really learn how to do that for for certain multiples of of pi over three or pie over six. Right? Um so it's nice to be able to have somebody else's sign and co sign function, and then you can just use it. So these come in the form of these modules, you need to import whatever collection of functions you want to use by way of an import statement. And then when you want to use one of the functions from these packages, you put the name of the module and a dot in the name of the function within that module, and then you could use it, right? So the mass module is like a really common one, right? Lost People used us to do lots of calculations. So when I do import math, it doesn't show me anything. But what it does is it makes accessible to me a whole bunch of math functions. Now, how do I know which math functions are available? Great math dot because that's how you you're gonna use a function. You do the name of the module. That's, uh that's this. Use the name of the module dot the name of the function. Right. So I know that any sort of math function I want to use has to start with math dot But then I just tab to see what's available. Great. There's lots of things are co sign ceiling, right? I can't see them all. But if I start, I know I want something that starts with D, right. I can start typing, and I don't know what this does. I'm going to guess it. Probably like converts. Radiance. Two degrees. Um, but I don't know. So I'll do the question mark. This is I think what you're asking before, right? Converts an angle from radiance two degrees. All right, so let's try it. What's the A nice one pie. So how do you tie pie, right? I mean, you can type 3.14 but that's not really pie. Right? So you're not really going to get 1 80 right? You can't. You can type more and more digits of pi. What? You can type them. All right, but pie is ah, a special number that exists within this math package. It's a constant within that package. So if I do math dot pie, that's going to give me, like, the value of pi, and it knows that pie radiance is the same as 180 degrees. So here's another math function. The log. It takes two arguments and what would you guess it's doing based on this input in this output? What is it? What calculation is it doing? Yeah, log before the base of two. Yes, so in Matthew would write this log base to four. Great, and you can learn how it works. Bye. Looking at the documentation. What if you didn't put a second argument right? That second argument. The base is optional because it's in square braces. Um, if the base is not specified, it uses. Basie uses natural walk right, so you can learn about what different functions are available. And the math module is just one module for the sake of showing you sort of how modules work. But we'll use different modules based on whatever we're doing. Um, I don't think so, because you need to ask for help with something more specific. Oh, you can, Okay, but it doesn't tell you much. It tells you that it's a module that provides access to mathematical functions. Right. So it's like a a broad description of what the module is. That's good to know. Okay, So based on what we've done, this is ah, clicker question. So our frequency is BC. If you need help with your clicker, this ass somebody nearby. Okay, We didn't We didn't talk about math dot power yet. Does anyone know what it does or have a guest? For what it does power? We actually learned another way to do this, right? We learned the double star for exponents, so it's the same thing Pao takes into arguments. The 1st 1 is the base of the exponents, and the 2nd 1 is the export of value. Um, I know, I think I don't know how it works behind the scenes, but it does essentially the same thing. Like the Alfa should be the same. Yeah. Yeah. All right, everybody vote. I'm going to close a pole and then we'll talk about the answers. All right, I'm gonna close this up, OK? A is a definite problem. What's the problem? It has two arguments, right? You can't take the absolute value of multiple things. All right? People don't really think B is a problem. What's it going to do? It's gonna take acts, which is three to the power of two. And it should give you nine. Okay. C has some votes. D has few votes. He has more than one of the above. Okay, let's see, I programmed them and I typed them in ahead of time so we can just run them right and see what happens. So these were the variables that were defined. This gives you the problem That it's supposed to have one argument, but you gave it to this. Gives you three to the power to, which is nine. Ah, yeah. Look at this. Do you notice the color? It's pretty hard to tell. Probably up here, but but this is red. Okay, so that's a problem. That was tricky, though. That was tricky. That was a trick question. Okay. Is this gonna work now? It still doesn't work. Okay. What's wrong with this Best? Which parts into turn should be float? Uh, does that work? Can you round like 3 to 4 decimals? So it's not like something you'd want to do, right, But it's not gonna given air. But this does actually have problems. Still, does anyone see a problem? Nice. Oh, yeah. Okay, So one problem is the max function. You're only giving it one thing. And Max, it wants, like, several things to choose the largest of them. Right? So let's see. If so, we think the problem is with Max, right? So I'm going to try to isolate that and see if this is where the air comes from. Yeah, that is where the air comes from. This is ah, example of an error message that's not so easy to understand, right? Unless you, like, had programming experience, you might not understand what this is saying. Um, what this is saying is that the maximum, um, can take multiple arguments, or it can take one argument. But if you give it one argument, it has to be like a list of things, a sequence of values, so that it can go through the entire list and find the largest of them. You can't just give it a single into a chair. So that's the problem, right? And if you look at the documentation for Max it's It's a little bit complicated, right? You can give it either a list, and it will return the biggest item in the list. Or you could give it a specific sequence of arguments, but there has to be at least two. Okay, so that was wrong. Not only for the for the extra parentheses, but also because of the max. All right. Is this one gonna work? Yeah, that works. Okay, so the one potential problem that somebody saw was you were trying to round like a whole number two decimal places, and that gets at the next thing, which is the data type. So there's different types of data, right? Like, just think of an Excel spreadsheet or something. Sometimes you store data as dates, right? Sometimes you store them as currencies. Sometimes you store them as just text. Sometimes you store them as integer value. Sometimes you store them as decimal places. Sometimes you store them as percentages. Right? So there's all these different types and which your data might be formatted and every sort of value. And python has a certain type, and that describes how the how the data is stored. You can always ask python for what's the type of a certain value using a function called type right. So for numbers, which are the main data type that we've seen so far, there's two basic types. Float is for decimal places, basically numbers with decimal places and in just for intruders. So floats are also called floating point numbers. Okay, so it's have arbitrary precision. That means you can store like super huge integers as as large as your computer can handle. There's not gonna be like some limit placed on on you by Python saying that this number is too large for me to store. So if you do some arithmetic, these are the operations, plus minus times and exponentially ation. If you do this arithmetic with two integers, you're going to get an integer back, right? So I used the type to ask, What is the type of the of this value? All right, so the type of two is an end, but the type of 2.0 is afloat, right? So anything that has a decimal point, even if it has ah, even if it has just like zero as the as the decimal places, it's it's essentially treating this Storing This is a different type of number than it was when I just type too. But that makes sense. So this next cell demonstrates that it can store really big numbers. Two to the power 6000 is a really big number, but this is the exact answer. It's not like truncating or rounding or cutting it all. Good question. So you might have noticed right that the arithmetic operations I put here did not include division, right? If I I said, if I add two intruders, I get an integer. If I subtract two intruders, I get an integer If I multiply two intruders I couldn't enter. If I exponentially eight, I get an integer. But what happens if I divide well? What is 22 divided by three, right? It's not an integer, so it would be bad if it gave me an integer value. Right? So it does give me a decimal place, gives me a floating point value. Sometimes when you divide wanted to do by another right. The result actually is an integer right. Two divided by two is one that's an integer, but for consistency. It always takes the division of two integers and treats them as a float percent. Oh, module is, um so module is on. Lee really makes sense with, uh, with intruders, I think because this means take 14 divided by three, right? Think of long Division three goes in there four times, three times for his 12. And then there's two left over the Yeah, so it's actually Yeah, I guess you could add that to the list. If you have two integers, it'll give you an integer, right? And if you have at least one of them as a float, then it will give you a float back like, let's try 12.0 divided by three. Right? This goes in perfectly, so there's no remainder, but it displays it as a float, right? The fact that it 0.0 instead of just zero means that it's using it as a flu. So once I basically, whenever you do any operation that involves a float, it treats the results as a float. Yeah. Is that okay? Um, floats are specified with the decimal point. Right. Uh, big numbers might be printed using scientific notation. Right. So floats don't have this unlimited precision. You can only store so many decimal points. I think it's like 15 or 16 decimal points. Decimal places are recorded, and after that it doesn't keep track. So the size of a float, meaning like the largest value, could store the smallest value you could store. There is actually like a cap on how big of a number can be used, but it's It's pretty large, and you're unlikely to encounter in this class. So you don't We don't really need to worry about that. Um, the fact that you only store 15 or 16 decimal places can lead to, um, the final few decimal places being wrong. Right? So here's 1\/3. Right now, this isn't exactly 1\/3 right. The true value of third has three is going on forever. Right? But this is 1\/3 with 15 or 16 decimal places. Show right. So if I take 1\/3 and multiply it by this big number, right, it's, um Essentially, what you would do right is move the decimal place over a bunch. All right, but it doesn't really know that there's more threes over here. Right? So the remaining decimals, um, get get lost, right? Really? These three should go on for 15 or 16 decimal places, but they don't right, and the three changed into it to basically it sort of from rounding, right. It's rounding the actual value of 1\/3 to this 0.333 number and from rounding. There's a small error, a difference between the true value and what it's supposed to be. So I I liked the example actually, that we had earlier with, um, with the module ISS the remainder. What did we have? 14.2 divided by three, uh, remainder when you divide by three, right, three should go in four times to give you 12 right? And then there's a remaining 2.2. But it wasn't to point to exactly right. It was this number that's really close to 2.2. So sometimes the like final decimal places of floats can be off. And years have to know to know that if you're doing arithmetic with them, there's like techniques. You can do tow to minimize that and the effect that has. But we're not gonna talk about that here. So basically what you need to know is that floats are, um, for decimal places in surfer whole numbers and, uh, integers can express any number, but floats are more limited. Um, sometimes you want to change types, and there's functions to do that. So there's a function called int, which changes a float into an end. Right, And there's a function called float, which changes in an end into a float. All right, so you do end to change it to an end, and you do float to change it to a float. And, um, when you have a mixed expression, it's gonna use float. It's easier and more correct in general, to turn an intern to afloat by putting 0.0 on the end. And it's some. It's often incorrect. Convert a decimal number two an intruder by just ignoring what's after the decimals. Right? So it's sort of like being conservative and safe by converting to floats when it's ambiguous. Great. So this happens automatically if you do 2.0, plus three. Those are two different types, so it treats them both us floats, right? It could have sort of gotten the same result if it treated them both as introduced. Cause two plus three is still five but 2.5 plus three. Now it becomes really important that we're converting to floats and not converting to integers, right, Because 2.5 can't be converted to an integer without changing its value significantly, This was brought up earlier. Division was not included on the list of interred your operations. Even if you have two integers and you divide them, it's gonna give you a float, huh? Because sometimes when you divide two intruders, you get a number. That's not not an integer, uh, the into function if you apply it to a float that's not an integer that's not equal to an integer, right. Like 3.9 is not equal toe an integer value. It rounds it down to the to the nearest integer below it. Right. So 3.9 is closer to four than 23 right? But when you converted to an end, it just truncate. Czar cuts off the part after the decimal place. Yeah, yeah, we're here. Um, then it would probably just get, like, truncated. It would lose some of that precision because because floats have a limited more of a little more limits to them. Basically. So if you tried to like combine this huge and something that was beyond the capacity of float right with a flow, the result would be afloat. That's too large for a float to handle. So it would lose certain values. Yes, this is a very good question. Um, often right. You want to convert like a decimal place to to an integer a decimal value to an intruder that's nearby, and you'd want around it in that case, All right, so be careful about converting decimals. Two intruders. If you use the end, you're just going to truncate A. If you use around, you're going to get the closest one right. So often round is more preferable for whatever you're doing. It depends. Okay? This is another example of how the last few decimal places get messed up. All right, this is pretty close to 251 but it's a little bit off. And if you try to convert it to an integer right, it rounds down. So if you want to convert this to an intruder, it's better to use around right, because round gives you an integer, and it's gonna better handle that slight discrepancy with the last few digits Okay. So honestly, this isn't like something We'll worry about too much, but as you like, learn more about programming. You'll you'll develop your skills around these sorts of corner cases and, uh, it becomes important. There's, like a bunch of famous stories of things going really wrong. This is some space launch going really wrong because off floating point conversion error, you can find a story. And there's, like, links to other other disasters that happened. Major. Yeah, major issues have have happened because of one tiny little mistake like that. So that's encouraging. Right? Okay. Um okay, So another data type that we haven't talked about is is text right? Text is just Ah, a snippet of characters right and toe indicate to python that you're dealing with with text. You put it in single quotes or double quotes. The type is called a string and python records that as str so it knows that you're dealing with text by the fact that you put it in quotes. So here's two strings. One of them is Hello. The other one is world. And what happens if you do s one plus s too, right? The plus sign typically means something to us when we use numbers, but it doesn't mean something to us when we have words right. We never talk about adding words right, but there actually is a special meeting of the plus sign for words, and it's just too smushed them together. It's called Concatenation. Notice that there's no space in there, right? If I wanted to space, I could ad three things. The word. Hello, A space in the word world. Uh, be careful with how you use. Plus, if you're dealing with string representations of numbers, right, this three within quotes has no sort of numerical value on the number line. It's just like the symbol of three, right. So when you add three in quotes to three and quotes, it just pushes them together and gets 33 quotes. I noticed that the output of python for text always has the single quotes. Regardless of whether you input it with single or double, there's no difference to python between single and double, so it just basically, whether you enter it with one quote or two quotes, it just treats them as the same as long as you're consistent. And, uh, it always just shows it to you with a single quote. There's also multiplication. You can multiply a string times a constant and not just repeats it that number of times. So, in a way, it's a lot like math, because when you do something times three, it's like adding it to itself and then to itself again. Right? So I guess I should use them s one. Because I have a value for So if I do s one plus es Juan Plus s one. Right. That's the same as s one times three. No. All right. Now, what do you think this is gonna print? S one plus a space. So that's hello with the space after it is going to do that two times, right? And then it's gonna print s one again. So this is hollow space. Hello? Space. Okay, so, again, this isn't like a major focus, but it's useful to now when you're working with text in the lab. You did some amount of working with text. I remember. There was, like, a capitalize method. Strings have different functions associated with them. They're called string methods. And the way you can access these string methods is after the after your string, you just put a dot period and then the name of one of the functions that's available, and you can change it in some way. So I just did the name of the string, which is my cool string dot And then I tab toe auto complete. And I get this list of what I can D'oh! Right, So a few of them are listed here, And if you want to know more about what string methods are available, just google it. Okay, so dot replace, replace sort of replaces each instance of the word super with the word. Really, they're in the wrong order. I should do the assignment first and then show you the results. Right? And I can convert to upper case notice that it converted the most recent value of my string toe upper case. So this has the word, really in upper case, right? And this is where things get crazy if you do it out of order, right? If I go back and execute the first cell and then I execute the third cell now it's gonna say super like right here. So it depends on this particular function right, Certain functions taken. One thing like absolute value certain taken lots of things. Like Max. Right? So it depends on what this one takes, right? This one takes nothing, right? I'm not supposed to put anything in, and it's just going to give me a copy with the string converted to upper case. So if I try to put something in there, I don't know, it's gonna complain, right? It takes no arguments, but I gave it something. So it depends on the function, right? Like upper is a function that doesn't take anything, whereas replaces the function that takes in two things what's there and what you're trying to replace it with. So these work a lot like the math functions that we saw earlier, so things could get a little complicated with strings. When you have a lot of apostrophes or quotes within your string, right, because you use the apostrophe and quote toe indicate the beginning of an end and end of a string. Great. So this string has an apostrophe in it. It's part of the text, right? But the computer is going to misinterpret this if you use single quotes because it's gonna think of the first, um, Mark as the start of the string and the second mark as the end of the string. And it doesn't know what to do with the rest of this, So this is probably give you an error. All right, So a solution is you can use double quotes, right? Because now it's starting off with double quotes. It's gonna look for the next instance of double quotes to end the string. And in between, that's just treated as a text character. Well, what do you do if you know you have single apostrophes and quotes within your text, right, There is something called escape, which is Ah, backslash before the apostrophe. We saw this when we did a little woman. The don't was a word that was in that text, and they had this slash before the apostrophe. So that means basically, don't treat this apostrophe as the beginning or end of a string. Kind of like ignore it. Okay, so that's that's how it apostrophes could be dealt with. Um, something that we also saw when we did little woman was that there was a difference between sort of the string representation of of the text, right? The first time we saw the display of little woman it like everything was crunched together. There were no spaces. There are all these slash and slash ends everywhere for a new line. Um, so this slash end means put it on a new line. But if you input as a giant string right, this is how Python is recording it, right? It's recording a slash end to indicate that it should be displayed on a new line. Yet when you when you write the variable name, it's it's not displaying it on a second line. So when you write the variable name, it's basically just giving you the variable as it's being stored, right? And if you want to see it displayed nicely, you print right. So two things to notice it actually treats the slash, and as a new line, it prints it nicely, and it doesn't have quotes around it, right? The output of ah, any string cell is gonna have quotes around it to indicate that that it's a string. But when you're printing it right, it wouldn't have the quotes. Oh, this is another example of things going wrong with type conversion. Um, I don't know too much about genetics, but apparently there's this genetic abbreviation called March 1. It has nothing to do with the date the first of March, but in like genetics papers, they often publishing appendix of their raw data, and the state is often collected and manipulated in Excel and Excel. Auto corrects March 1 to be the first of March or three slash one slash 19 Right so it's came from an article called Excel Is Auto Correcting Scientific Research. And that's not cool. There's another instance of Excel messing up how it represented text. Um, so it says you might be able to suss out that one. Mar actually meant it was actually supposed to be march for March 1. But there's some identify WR in genetics. That's this number 2310 91 3 But Excel interprets the E as times 10 to the power scientific notation. So it it thinks this is just a really big number. Times 10 to the 13. And okay, so stuff like this happens, And the space shuttle example that I gave was another example of, like, stuff going wrong. Um, but the space shuttle thing happens pretty rarely This happens like all the time they did a, um, a study on this. This from 2016 on How widespread are these kinds of problems? And it says the default settings of Excel is known to convert gene names to dates and floating point numbers. A programmatic scan of leading genomics journals reveals that approximately 1\/5 of papers with Supplementary Excel D unless contain these types of errors. So it's like, really common. 1\/5 of genomics papers have problems with their data because of, like, just how the data type is being stored. Okay, um, you can sometimes convert between strings and numbers, but only when it makes sense. Right? Str converts a number into a string, right? You can convert the string three into afloat, right? But it doesn't work all the time, right? Certain pieces of text, like chicken right? Cannot be interpreted as a number in any reasonable way. Right? So the pythons smart enough to be ableto to know what you can do and what you can't do? All right, let's finish these last few, and then I'll let you guys go. Um, what you think's gonna happen here? Yeah. So it gets a little confused because it sees this as a string. It's indicated by the quotes, and a plus sign does make sense with the string, right. But only if this is another string. So the type error is telling you. It's expecting a second thing to be a string and not a fluke. Great. You can correct this by turning this into a string. But that's not really probably what you wanted, right? Six point. 03 point. Oh, right. Probably what you wanted was this convert 6.2 afloat and then add it to three. Right? Similarly, it can't convert the string 4.0, to an end. But if you first convert 4.0 to afloat, then it will work. Uh, okay, I'll save my discussion question for next time, and I'll see you guys on Thursday. Thing has been a UC San Diego podcast for more visit podcast at UCSD got CTU"}],"items":[{"start_time":"0.14","end_time":"0.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7802","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"0.2","end_time":"2.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5372","content":"owe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2.72","end_time":"3.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4742","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.19","end_time":"3.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3352","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.34","end_time":"3.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5934","content":"listening"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.7","end_time":"3.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.99","end_time":"4.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.2","end_time":"4.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.803","content":"UC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.69","end_time":"4.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.93","end_time":"5.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"5.28","end_time":"6.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"23.72","end_time":"23.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9572","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"23.89","end_time":"24.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9572","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"24.14","end_time":"24.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"welcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"24.54","end_time":"25.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"25.83","end_time":"26.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"At"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"26.03","end_time":"26.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"26.24","end_time":"26.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"26.5","end_time":"26.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"26.6","end_time":"27.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"27.09","end_time":"27.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"27.47","end_time":"27.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"27.58","end_time":"28.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.03","end_time":"28.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.31","end_time":"28.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.47","end_time":"28.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"moved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.75","end_time":"28.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.94","end_time":"29.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.04","end_time":"29.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.41","end_time":"29.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.56","end_time":"29.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.64","end_time":"29.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9593","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.86","end_time":"30.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9593","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"30.24","end_time":"30.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"30.86","end_time":"31.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"31.21","end_time":"31.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"31.81","end_time":"32.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"At"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.0","end_time":"32.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.18","end_time":"32.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"32.49","end_time":"32.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.69","end_time":"33.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remaining"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.13","end_time":"33.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"spots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.46","end_time":"33.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.54","end_time":"33.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.62","end_time":"33.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5468","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.8","end_time":"33.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5468","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.96","end_time":"34.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9357","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.05","end_time":"34.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.2","end_time":"34.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.48","end_time":"34.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.64","end_time":"34.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.0","end_time":"35.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5659","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.2","end_time":"35.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.49","end_time":"35.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9721","content":"drop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"36.44","end_time":"37.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"38.3","end_time":"38.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.69","end_time":"38.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.9","end_time":"39.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.5","end_time":"39.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enrolled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.87","end_time":"39.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.93","end_time":"40.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.0","end_time":"40.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.38","end_time":"40.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.48","end_time":"40.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.61","end_time":"40.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.73","end_time":"40.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.84","end_time":"40.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.91","end_time":"41.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.08","end_time":"41.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9737","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.3","end_time":"41.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6797","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.4","end_time":"41.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8258","content":"wanna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.86","end_time":"42.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"42.11","end_time":"42.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"42.22","end_time":"42.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"42.52","end_time":"42.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5144","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"42.84","end_time":"43.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.09","end_time":"43.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.22","end_time":"43.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5827","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.33","end_time":"43.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.4","end_time":"43.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"44.08","end_time":"44.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"44.21","end_time":"44.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"44.63","end_time":"45.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.16","end_time":"45.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.3","end_time":"45.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"45.72","end_time":"45.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.84","end_time":"46.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.83","end_time":"47.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.04","end_time":"47.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.4","end_time":"47.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.55","end_time":"47.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"weekend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.84","end_time":"47.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.97","end_time":"48.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"48.13","end_time":"48.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"due"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"48.31","end_time":"48.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"48.49","end_time":"49.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Friday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"49.38","end_time":"49.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"49.98","end_time":"50.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.2","end_time":"50.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.28","end_time":"50.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.38","end_time":"50.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.5","end_time":"50.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.9","end_time":"51.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"51.03","end_time":"51.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.12","end_time":"51.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.24","end_time":"51.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.47","end_time":"51.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.57","end_time":"51.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.73","end_time":"52.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.05","end_time":"52.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.18","end_time":"52.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.27","end_time":"52.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.51","end_time":"52.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.86","end_time":"53.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"53.07","end_time":"53.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.21","end_time":"53.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"definitely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.51","end_time":"53.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.59","end_time":"53.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.73","end_time":"53.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.85","end_time":"54.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"54.11","end_time":"54.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"54.73","end_time":"55.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"55.18","end_time":"55.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8707","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"55.38","end_time":"55.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9269","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"55.57","end_time":"55.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"55.92","end_time":"56.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"56.14","end_time":"56.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"56.21","end_time":"56.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"56.41","end_time":"56.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"56.49","end_time":"56.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"56.67","end_time":"56.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"56.77","end_time":"57.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.1","end_time":"57.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.51","end_time":"57.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.77","end_time":"58.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.68","end_time":"59.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.16","end_time":"59.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6403","content":"Dhe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"59.2","end_time":"59.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.54","end_time":"59.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.71","end_time":"59.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.98","end_time":"60.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9697","content":"released"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.39","end_time":"60.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.48","end_time":"60.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.82","end_time":"61.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"61.25","end_time":"61.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.4","end_time":"61.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9751","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.48","end_time":"61.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9763","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.62","end_time":"61.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.73","end_time":"61.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9187","content":"due"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.89","end_time":"62.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Monday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.25","end_time":"62.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.35","end_time":"62.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.62","end_time":"62.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"64.26","end_time":"65.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.74","end_time":"65.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.97","end_time":"66.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.06","end_time":"66.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9369","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.21","end_time":"66.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9361","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.27","end_time":"66.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"follow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.58","end_time":"67.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"along"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"67.76","end_time":"67.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"67.97","end_time":"68.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.46","end_time":"68.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.92","end_time":"69.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.08","end_time":"69.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.18","end_time":"69.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.44","end_time":"70.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.54","end_time":"70.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6187","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.7","end_time":"70.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.88","end_time":"70.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.96","end_time":"71.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"71.1","end_time":"71.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"71.43","end_time":"72.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8108","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"72.02","end_time":"72.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.19","end_time":"72.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.38","end_time":"72.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"dc"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.85","end_time":"73.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.11","end_time":"73.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.32","end_time":"73.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"com"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"74.89","end_time":"75.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"75.07","end_time":"75.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"75.15","end_time":"75.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"schedule"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"75.66","end_time":"76.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9759","content":"town"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"77.12","end_time":"77.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.32","end_time":"77.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.44","end_time":"77.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.6","end_time":"77.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.69","end_time":"77.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8891","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.9","end_time":"78.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"79.24","end_time":"79.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6721","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.51","end_time":"79.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.75","end_time":"79.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.96","end_time":"80.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.1","end_time":"80.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.54","end_time":"80.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9674","content":"Hub"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"80.79","end_time":"80.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.89","end_time":"80.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.99","end_time":"81.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"81.13","end_time":"81.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"81.47","end_time":"81.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.46","end_time":"82.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9283","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"83.32","end_time":"83.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"83.51","end_time":"83.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"may"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"83.77","end_time":"84.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"84.22","end_time":"84.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"grab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"84.75","end_time":"85.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.46","end_time":"86.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"newest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.06","end_time":"86.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.97","end_time":"87.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.17","end_time":"87.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.34","end_time":"87.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.78","end_time":"88.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"directory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.94","end_time":"89.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.44","end_time":"89.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.54","end_time":"89.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.78","end_time":"89.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.98","end_time":"90.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"click"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.31","end_time":"90.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.42","end_time":"90.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.66","end_time":"91.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.02","end_time":"91.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.13","end_time":"91.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.43","end_time":"91.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"91.67","end_time":"91.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.93","end_time":"92.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8645","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"92.28","end_time":"92.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8706","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"92.91","end_time":"93.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9693","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.07","end_time":"93.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.22","end_time":"93.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.52","end_time":"93.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.75","end_time":"93.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.86","end_time":"94.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"click"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.06","end_time":"94.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.17","end_time":"94.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.37","end_time":"94.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"94.97","end_time":"95.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.15","end_time":"95.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.29","end_time":"95.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.38","end_time":"95.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.56","end_time":"95.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"grab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.86","end_time":"95.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.97","end_time":"96.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"latest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.38","end_time":"96.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"97.14","end_time":"97.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7901","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"98.69","end_time":"99.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9343","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"100.53","end_time":"100.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"100.94","end_time":"101.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.19","end_time":"101.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.23","end_time":"101.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.55","end_time":"101.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.69","end_time":"101.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.92","end_time":"102.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"running"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"102.27","end_time":"102.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"locally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"102.62","end_time":"102.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"102.75","end_time":"102.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"102.88","end_time":"103.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.27","end_time":"103.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.38","end_time":"103.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.41","end_time":"103.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.59","end_time":"103.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.76","end_time":"103.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.87","end_time":"104.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"rely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.13","end_time":"104.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.24","end_time":"104.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.37","end_time":"104.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Internet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"104.82","end_time":"104.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.95","end_time":"105.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7162","content":"Internet's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"105.31","end_time":"105.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9183","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"105.38","end_time":"105.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"105.62","end_time":"105.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"105.81","end_time":"106.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"patchy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"106.91","end_time":"107.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.11","end_time":"107.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.28","end_time":"107.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"building"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"109.84","end_time":"110.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.41","end_time":"110.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.58","end_time":"110.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.86","end_time":"111.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"111.01","end_time":"111.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"111.41","end_time":"112.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"112.27","end_time":"112.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.44","end_time":"112.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.6","end_time":"112.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.9","end_time":"113.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.17","end_time":"113.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.27","end_time":"113.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.54","end_time":"113.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"113.74","end_time":"113.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.88","end_time":"114.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.02","end_time":"114.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.16","end_time":"114.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"environment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.76","end_time":"114.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.86","end_time":"115.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.04","end_time":"115.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6741","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.14","end_time":"115.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.29","end_time":"115.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"116.44","end_time":"117.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9401","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"117.71","end_time":"118.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.16","end_time":"118.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8269","content":"notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.73","end_time":"118.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.91","end_time":"118.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.98","end_time":"119.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.08","end_time":"119.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.5","end_time":"119.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7222","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.75","end_time":"120.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"120.32","end_time":"121.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9524","content":"Notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"121.31","end_time":"121.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.54","end_time":"122.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"122.05","end_time":"122.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"122.45","end_time":"123.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"extension"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"123.29","end_time":"123.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.4","end_time":"123.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.56","end_time":"123.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.65","end_time":"123.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.78","end_time":"123.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.96","end_time":"124.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"124.03","end_time":"124.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"124.16","end_time":"124.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"124.27","end_time":"124.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"124.42","end_time":"124.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.34","end_time":"125.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.6","end_time":"125.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.11","end_time":"126.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9419","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.42","end_time":"126.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5662","content":"pi"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.77","end_time":"127.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"127.15","end_time":"127.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4632","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"128.34","end_time":"128.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9335","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"130.7","end_time":"131.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.01","end_time":"131.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.17","end_time":"131.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7864","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.31","end_time":"131.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.79","end_time":"132.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8002","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"132.17","end_time":"132.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"132.32","end_time":"132.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"132.75","end_time":"132.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"132.86","end_time":"132.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8715","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"132.95","end_time":"133.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.38","end_time":"133.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"language"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.72","end_time":"133.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.85","end_time":"133.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.96","end_time":"134.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"134.52","end_time":"134.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"134.92","end_time":"135.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"135.51","end_time":"135.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"135.7","end_time":"135.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"135.94","end_time":"136.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"137.13","end_time":"137.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.711","content":"interface"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"137.72","end_time":"137.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"137.89","end_time":"138.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"138.02","end_time":"138.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"139.4","end_time":"139.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"139.98","end_time":"140.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"140.41","end_time":"140.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6469","content":"Pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"140.86","end_time":"141.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9763","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.05","end_time":"141.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.23","end_time":"141.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.34","end_time":"141.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.65","end_time":"142.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"packages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"142.44","end_time":"143.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.46","end_time":"143.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.65","end_time":"143.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.75","end_time":"144.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.706","content":"predefined"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"145.57","end_time":"146.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tools"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.09","end_time":"146.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.27","end_time":"146.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.43","end_time":"146.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.72","end_time":"146.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"148.22","end_time":"148.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"148.42","end_time":"148.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"148.65","end_time":"149.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"149.69","end_time":"150.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9193","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"150.06","end_time":"150.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6616","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"150.27","end_time":"150.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6616","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"150.46","end_time":"151.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5388","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"151.18","end_time":"151.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9711","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"151.5","end_time":"151.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"151.58","end_time":"152.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.01","end_time":"152.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"presentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.74","end_time":"153.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"mode"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.38","end_time":"153.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.56","end_time":"153.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.7","end_time":"153.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.9","end_time":"153.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.99","end_time":"154.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.17","end_time":"154.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.28","end_time":"154.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.44","end_time":"154.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.65","end_time":"154.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.96","end_time":"155.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.12","end_time":"155.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"download"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.55","end_time":"155.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.8","end_time":"156.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"extra"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"156.14","end_time":"156.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"156.79","end_time":"157.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.25","end_time":"157.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.43","end_time":"157.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.54","end_time":"157.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.78","end_time":"158.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"content"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.26","end_time":"158.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.46","end_time":"158.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displayed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.85","end_time":"158.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.97","end_time":"159.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.04","end_time":"159.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"159.4","end_time":"159.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.61","end_time":"159.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.84","end_time":"160.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"160.0","end_time":"160.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"160.06","end_time":"160.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"161.85","end_time":"162.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"friendly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"162.68","end_time":"163.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"form"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"163.02","end_time":"163.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"163.15","end_time":"163.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"presentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"165.93","end_time":"166.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7889","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"168.48","end_time":"168.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"168.97","end_time":"169.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"169.11","end_time":"169.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"169.29","end_time":"169.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"169.57","end_time":"170.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9753","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.0","end_time":"170.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.08","end_time":"170.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.24","end_time":"170.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.59","end_time":"170.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9596","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.74","end_time":"170.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.79","end_time":"171.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"told"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"171.12","end_time":"171.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"171.28","end_time":"171.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"171.63","end_time":"171.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"172.34","end_time":"172.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"172.75","end_time":"173.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.22","end_time":"173.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.38","end_time":"173.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.82","end_time":"174.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"tool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.03","end_time":"174.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.22","end_time":"174.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.41","end_time":"174.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.68","end_time":"174.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.85","end_time":"175.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.05","end_time":"175.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.11","end_time":"175.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.35","end_time":"175.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"languages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.83","end_time":"175.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.98","end_time":"176.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6027","content":"pythons"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.59","end_time":"177.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particularly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"177.27","end_time":"177.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"popular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"177.77","end_time":"177.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"177.89","end_time":"178.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"178.16","end_time":"178.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"178.63","end_time":"179.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.68","end_time":"179.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.94","end_time":"180.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fairly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.31","end_time":"180.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.6","end_time":"180.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.74","end_time":"181.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"181.61","end_time":"182.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.18","end_time":"183.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.8","end_time":"184.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"184.14","end_time":"184.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"184.3","end_time":"184.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"184.35","end_time":"184.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"184.53","end_time":"184.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"184.65","end_time":"185.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"overhead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"185.33","end_time":"185.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"185.85","end_time":"186.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"complicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.61","end_time":"186.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.87","end_time":"186.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.97","end_time":"187.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"187.26","end_time":"187.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"188.06","end_time":"188.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6593","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"188.93","end_time":"189.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.16","end_time":"189.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.25","end_time":"189.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.41","end_time":"189.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.68","end_time":"189.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9785","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.84","end_time":"190.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"190.07","end_time":"190.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"190.3","end_time":"190.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"190.44","end_time":"190.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"190.65","end_time":"190.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"190.78","end_time":"190.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"190.93","end_time":"191.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"191.25","end_time":"191.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"191.34","end_time":"191.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"191.8","end_time":"192.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"192.27","end_time":"192.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answering"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"192.63","end_time":"193.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.02","end_time":"193.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.29","end_time":"193.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"198.26","end_time":"198.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"198.54","end_time":"199.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.0","end_time":"199.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"environment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.51","end_time":"199.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.69","end_time":"199.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9672","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.83","end_time":"200.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"200.26","end_time":"200.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.39","end_time":"200.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.47","end_time":"200.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.64","end_time":"201.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.1","end_time":"201.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.43","end_time":"201.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.83","end_time":"201.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.95","end_time":"202.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.53","end_time":"202.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.74","end_time":"203.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.01","end_time":"203.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.15","end_time":"203.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"203.97","end_time":"204.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.5","end_time":"204.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5008","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.85","end_time":"205.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"205.48","end_time":"205.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"205.97","end_time":"206.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9763","content":"notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.37","end_time":"206.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4724","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.52","end_time":"206.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7425","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.8","end_time":"207.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"207.51","end_time":"207.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"207.76","end_time":"207.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"207.99","end_time":"208.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.14","end_time":"208.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"208.39","end_time":"208.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"writing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.75","end_time":"209.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"programs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"209.35","end_time":"209.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"209.56","end_time":"210.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"210.33","end_time":"211.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"presenting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"211.09","end_time":"211.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"211.39","end_time":"212.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"analysis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"212.59","end_time":"212.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"212.84","end_time":"212.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"212.96","end_time":"213.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"213.28","end_time":"213.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"213.46","end_time":"213.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"214.02","end_time":"214.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9758","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"214.42","end_time":"214.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9599","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"214.65","end_time":"214.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"214.97","end_time":"215.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"215.45","end_time":"215.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"215.56","end_time":"215.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"215.79","end_time":"216.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"216.14","end_time":"216.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"insight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"216.56","end_time":"216.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"216.67","end_time":"216.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"216.9","end_time":"217.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"217.21","end_time":"217.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"217.34","end_time":"217.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"217.54","end_time":"218.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"purpose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"218.04","end_time":"218.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.23","end_time":"218.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9552","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.51","end_time":"219.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"business"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"219.63","end_time":"219.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"219.87","end_time":"219.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"219.97","end_time":"220.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9558","content":"tryingto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.14","end_time":"221.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7535","content":"analyze"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.6","end_time":"221.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.88","end_time":"222.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.08","end_time":"222.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.12","end_time":"222.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"business"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.5","end_time":"222.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.6","end_time":"222.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.78","end_time":"223.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recommendations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"223.55","end_time":"223.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"223.87","end_time":"224.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"224.04","end_time":"224.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"224.18","end_time":"224.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"business"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"224.55","end_time":"224.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.19","end_time":"225.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.42","end_time":"225.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"act"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.79","end_time":"226.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"226.06","end_time":"226.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"226.39","end_time":"226.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"226.49","end_time":"226.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"228.13","end_time":"228.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"228.37","end_time":"228.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"228.5","end_time":"228.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"228.78","end_time":"229.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"229.07","end_time":"229.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yourself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"229.46","end_time":"229.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"needing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"229.7","end_time":"229.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"229.84","end_time":"230.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"present"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"230.68","end_time":"231.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.17","end_time":"231.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.51","end_time":"232.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"analysis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.03","end_time":"232.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.17","end_time":"232.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.54","end_time":"232.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.68","end_time":"232.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.77","end_time":"233.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"audience"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"233.6","end_time":"233.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"233.87","end_time":"234.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.44","end_time":"234.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.66","end_time":"234.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.82","end_time":"235.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"235.09","end_time":"235.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"235.4","end_time":"235.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"235.5","end_time":"235.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"235.99","end_time":"236.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8963","content":"combine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.17","end_time":"237.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.28","end_time":"237.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.78","end_time":"238.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"238.65","end_time":"239.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8109","content":"slide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"239.29","end_time":"239.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8109","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"239.87","end_time":"240.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"240.45","end_time":"241.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"presentations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"241.98","end_time":"242.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"242.66","end_time":"242.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"242.86","end_time":"243.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"addition"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"243.23","end_time":"243.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7826","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"243.61","end_time":"244.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"presenting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"245.01","end_time":"245.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"245.22","end_time":"245.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"245.54","end_time":"245.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"245.77","end_time":"245.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"245.91","end_time":"246.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"yourself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"247.19","end_time":"247.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"247.5","end_time":"247.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.67","end_time":"248.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9778","content":"annotate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"248.41","end_time":"248.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"248.71","end_time":"248.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"248.84","end_time":"249.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"249.98","end_time":"250.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.15","end_time":"250.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.26","end_time":"250.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.55","end_time":"250.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.77","end_time":"251.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"partners"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.34","end_time":"251.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.42","end_time":"252.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9179","content":"teams"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"252.01","end_time":"252.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"252.18","end_time":"252.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"252.43","end_time":"252.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"helpful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"252.87","end_time":"253.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.36","end_time":"253.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.5","end_time":"253.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9763","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.63","end_time":"254.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"254.42","end_time":"254.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"254.68","end_time":"255.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.14","end_time":"255.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.27","end_time":"255.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"255.93","end_time":"256.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"Even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.82","end_time":"257.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"257.0","end_time":"257.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9374","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"257.14","end_time":"257.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8369","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"257.35","end_time":"257.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"257.61","end_time":"258.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.13","end_time":"258.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.27","end_time":"258.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.52","end_time":"259.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"formatting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"259.77","end_time":"259.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.97","end_time":"260.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.04","end_time":"260.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.19","end_time":"260.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5245","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.49","end_time":"260.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"261.18","end_time":"261.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"261.68","end_time":"261.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.77","end_time":"261.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7797","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.89","end_time":"262.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.06","end_time":"262.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.1","end_time":"262.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.621","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.23","end_time":"263.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.39","end_time":"263.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.47","end_time":"263.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.79","end_time":"264.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"264.21","end_time":"264.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.31","end_time":"264.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.5","end_time":"264.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.69","end_time":"264.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.86","end_time":"264.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6517","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.96","end_time":"265.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6811","content":"DSC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.36","end_time":"265.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.81","end_time":"266.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7483","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"266.34","end_time":"266.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3831","content":"ISS"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"267.45","end_time":"267.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"267.84","end_time":"268.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"268.0","end_time":"268.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.06","end_time":"268.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.8","end_time":"268.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.99","end_time":"269.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tried"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.23","end_time":"269.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"showing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.48","end_time":"269.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.58","end_time":"269.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5819","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.71","end_time":"270.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8923","content":"interact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.25","end_time":"270.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4904","content":"button"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.56","end_time":"270.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.68","end_time":"270.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.75","end_time":"271.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8924","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"272.94","end_time":"273.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.53","end_time":"273.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7876","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.85","end_time":"273.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9773","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.99","end_time":"274.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"resource"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"274.41","end_time":"274.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"274.65","end_time":"274.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"274.8","end_time":"274.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"274.91","end_time":"275.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9556","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.37","end_time":"275.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.56","end_time":"275.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9287","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.64","end_time":"276.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.795","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"279.12","end_time":"279.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"279.86","end_time":"280.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"280.2","end_time":"280.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6776","content":"goto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"283.5","end_time":"283.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9532","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"283.58","end_time":"283.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"283.86","end_time":"284.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"285.34","end_time":"285.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9261","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.46","end_time":"285.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.53","end_time":"285.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8797","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.69","end_time":"285.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.75","end_time":"286.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.37","end_time":"286.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.58","end_time":"286.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"287.81","end_time":"288.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"288.0","end_time":"288.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"288.28","end_time":"288.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"288.73","end_time":"289.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"289.34","end_time":"289.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8288","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"290.27","end_time":"290.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"290.42","end_time":"290.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"290.79","end_time":"291.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9508","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.23","end_time":"291.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.43","end_time":"291.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.66","end_time":"291.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.74","end_time":"292.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7632","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.05","end_time":"292.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7628","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.22","end_time":"292.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.43","end_time":"293.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6129","content":"created"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"293.53","end_time":"293.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8935","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"293.78","end_time":"293.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.89","end_time":"293.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.97","end_time":"294.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.12","end_time":"294.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"play"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.32","end_time":"294.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.6","end_time":"294.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.75","end_time":"294.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"295.19","end_time":"295.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.48","end_time":"295.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.71","end_time":"296.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"296.22","end_time":"296.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"296.53","end_time":"296.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"interact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"296.98","end_time":"297.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"297.21","end_time":"297.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"297.38","end_time":"297.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"broken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"298.44","end_time":"298.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.99","end_time":"299.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.32","end_time":"299.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"believe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.79","end_time":"299.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.97","end_time":"300.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8273","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.1","end_time":"300.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fixed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.5","end_time":"300.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.59","end_time":"300.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"302.34","end_time":"302.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"303.15","end_time":"303.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"303.36","end_time":"303.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"306.52","end_time":"306.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9836","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"306.71","end_time":"306.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"306.89","end_time":"307.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"307.08","end_time":"307.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"307.24","end_time":"307.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.09","end_time":"309.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.25","end_time":"309.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.95","end_time":"310.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.32","end_time":"311.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.59","end_time":"311.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.72","end_time":"312.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"312.72","end_time":"312.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"312.95","end_time":"313.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"313.06","end_time":"313.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"313.14","end_time":"313.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"313.2","end_time":"313.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"313.5","end_time":"313.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8619","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"313.6","end_time":"314.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5641","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.04","end_time":"314.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.14","end_time":"314.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.31","end_time":"314.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.37","end_time":"314.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.6","end_time":"314.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.71","end_time":"315.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.0","end_time":"315.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9813","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.3","end_time":"315.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.71","end_time":"315.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.87","end_time":"316.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"316.41","end_time":"316.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"316.63","end_time":"316.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"316.78","end_time":"317.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9133","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"318.04","end_time":"318.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"318.24","end_time":"318.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"318.33","end_time":"318.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"318.74","end_time":"318.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"play"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"318.96","end_time":"319.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"319.26","end_time":"319.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"319.41","end_time":"319.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"319.88","end_time":"320.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"320.12","end_time":"320.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"320.26","end_time":"320.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"320.62","end_time":"321.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"execute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"322.03","end_time":"322.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6816","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"325.9","end_time":"326.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4866","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"326.12","end_time":"326.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7516","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"326.36","end_time":"326.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9742","content":"notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"326.68","end_time":"326.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"326.81","end_time":"327.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4654","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"327.07","end_time":"327.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"327.43","end_time":"327.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"327.91","end_time":"328.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.01","end_time":"328.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.26","end_time":"328.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.36","end_time":"328.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.56","end_time":"328.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.66","end_time":"328.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.88","end_time":"328.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.99","end_time":"329.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.14","end_time":"329.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"329.46","end_time":"329.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.69","end_time":"329.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.81","end_time":"330.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.02","end_time":"330.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.1","end_time":"330.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.36","end_time":"330.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.64","end_time":"330.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.86","end_time":"331.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"331.02","end_time":"331.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"331.19","end_time":"331.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"purposes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"331.8","end_time":"332.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"332.02","end_time":"332.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"332.26","end_time":"332.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"332.35","end_time":"332.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"332.63","end_time":"333.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.0","end_time":"333.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"languages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.58","end_time":"333.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6624","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.69","end_time":"333.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.96","end_time":"334.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"environments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"334.46","end_time":"334.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"334.57","end_time":"334.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"334.64","end_time":"334.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"334.85","end_time":"334.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"334.96","end_time":"335.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"335.25","end_time":"335.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"335.87","end_time":"336.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9168","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"336.21","end_time":"336.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9017","content":"notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"336.73","end_time":"337.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"337.1","end_time":"337.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"337.36","end_time":"337.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"337.64","end_time":"338.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"338.54","end_time":"338.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"338.89","end_time":"339.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"projects"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"339.53","end_time":"339.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"339.97","end_time":"340.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9493","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"340.23","end_time":"341.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slower"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"342.64","end_time":"342.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"342.93","end_time":"343.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"343.03","end_time":"343.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5947","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"343.17","end_time":"343.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"343.43","end_time":"343.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"343.62","end_time":"343.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"343.71","end_time":"343.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7315","content":"real"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"343.91","end_time":"344.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"344.11","end_time":"344.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"software"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"344.51","end_time":"345.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"development"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"345.02","end_time":"345.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"project"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"345.88","end_time":"346.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9692","content":"you'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"346.21","end_time":"346.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"choose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"346.52","end_time":"346.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"346.82","end_time":"347.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"347.07","end_time":"347.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"347.23","end_time":"347.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6445","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"348.14","end_time":"348.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"compiled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"348.72","end_time":"349.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"language"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"349.13","end_time":"349.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"349.32","end_time":"349.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Java"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"349.78","end_time":"350.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7902","content":"Sea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"350.21","end_time":"350.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"350.31","end_time":"350.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"351.64","end_time":"351.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"351.86","end_time":"351.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"351.98","end_time":"352.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"perfect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.36","end_time":"352.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.52","end_time":"352.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.63","end_time":"352.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.75","end_time":"352.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.91","end_time":"352.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.99","end_time":"353.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"353.14","end_time":"353.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"354.53","end_time":"354.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8995","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"355.02","end_time":"355.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.15","end_time":"355.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.46","end_time":"355.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.63","end_time":"355.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.79","end_time":"355.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.88","end_time":"355.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.97","end_time":"356.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5031","content":"slideshow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"356.53","end_time":"356.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"mood"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.37","end_time":"361.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.59","end_time":"361.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.68","end_time":"361.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.88","end_time":"362.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"362.16","end_time":"362.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"363.34","end_time":"363.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"363.48","end_time":"363.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"363.87","end_time":"364.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"364.14","end_time":"364.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8107","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"364.64","end_time":"364.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9741","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"364.81","end_time":"364.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"364.91","end_time":"365.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"365.36","end_time":"365.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"365.79","end_time":"365.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"365.89","end_time":"366.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"367.44","end_time":"368.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.23","end_time":"368.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.33","end_time":"368.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9769","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.7","end_time":"369.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"369.74","end_time":"370.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"broken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"370.13","end_time":"370.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"370.34","end_time":"370.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"370.57","end_time":"370.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"371.07","end_time":"372.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sequences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"372.69","end_time":"373.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"373.35","end_time":"373.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"373.57","end_time":"373.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"373.66","end_time":"374.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"boxes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"374.23","end_time":"374.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"374.38","end_time":"374.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"374.47","end_time":"374.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"374.74","end_time":"375.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6902","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"376.11","end_time":"376.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"377.3","end_time":"377.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"377.61","end_time":"377.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"377.87","end_time":"378.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.57","end_time":"378.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.84","end_time":"378.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.92","end_time":"379.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"382.2","end_time":"382.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"382.43","end_time":"382.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"382.81","end_time":"383.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.11","end_time":"383.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.27","end_time":"383.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.48","end_time":"384.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"384.68","end_time":"384.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"384.88","end_time":"385.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.06","end_time":"385.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.45","end_time":"385.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.55","end_time":"385.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.84","end_time":"385.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.95","end_time":"386.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"386.01","end_time":"386.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.852","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"386.4","end_time":"386.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"386.6","end_time":"386.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"386.83","end_time":"386.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7758","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"386.93","end_time":"387.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.01","end_time":"387.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"menu"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"387.37","end_time":"387.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.51","end_time":"387.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8306","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"388.85","end_time":"389.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5415","content":"Mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.27","end_time":"389.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.61","end_time":"389.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.72","end_time":"389.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.91","end_time":"390.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9233","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"390.15","end_time":"390.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"390.51","end_time":"390.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"390.66","end_time":"391.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"391.52","end_time":"391.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"391.75","end_time":"392.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8689","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.06","end_time":"392.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9549","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.14","end_time":"392.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.28","end_time":"392.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5929","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.41","end_time":"392.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.69","end_time":"392.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.82","end_time":"393.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"393.28","end_time":"393.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"393.96","end_time":"394.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.58","end_time":"394.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.84","end_time":"395.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.15","end_time":"395.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.34","end_time":"395.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.74","end_time":"395.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4995","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.97","end_time":"396.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"396.4","end_time":"396.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"396.63","end_time":"396.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9599","content":"marked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"396.97","end_time":"397.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"399.34","end_time":"399.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6288","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.46","end_time":"399.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.65","end_time":"399.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.81","end_time":"399.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"400.0","end_time":"400.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"400.92","end_time":"401.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9321","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"402.43","end_time":"402.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"402.83","end_time":"402.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"402.99","end_time":"403.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"403.09","end_time":"403.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9416","content":"wantto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.44","end_time":"404.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.69","end_time":"404.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.78","end_time":"404.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.84","end_time":"405.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"405.26","end_time":"405.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8098","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"409.0","end_time":"409.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"click"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"409.31","end_time":"409.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"409.47","end_time":"409.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"409.67","end_time":"410.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"410.4","end_time":"410.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"411.13","end_time":"411.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.32","end_time":"411.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.53","end_time":"411.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.68","end_time":"411.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6988","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.84","end_time":"412.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"412.49","end_time":"413.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.35","end_time":"413.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.48","end_time":"413.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.66","end_time":"413.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.79","end_time":"413.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.85","end_time":"414.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9629","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.2","end_time":"414.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.45","end_time":"414.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9805","content":"mix"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.84","end_time":"415.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.32","end_time":"415.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.5","end_time":"415.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"416.12","end_time":"416.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"416.68","end_time":"417.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9548","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"417.1","end_time":"417.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9562","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"417.22","end_time":"417.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"417.71","end_time":"418.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9522","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"418.16","end_time":"418.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.37","end_time":"418.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.79","end_time":"418.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.93","end_time":"419.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9461","content":"marked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"419.28","end_time":"419.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"420.2","end_time":"420.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4571","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.26","end_time":"420.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8556","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"420.43","end_time":"420.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.56","end_time":"420.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7654","content":"Mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.79","end_time":"420.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8822","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.97","end_time":"421.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"421.09","end_time":"421.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"421.59","end_time":"421.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"422.82","end_time":"423.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6838","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"423.43","end_time":"424.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"formatting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"424.17","end_time":"424.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"language"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"425.62","end_time":"426.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"426.39","end_time":"426.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"426.55","end_time":"426.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"426.78","end_time":"426.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"426.97","end_time":"427.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7091","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.6","end_time":"427.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.82","end_time":"427.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.95","end_time":"428.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"428.02","end_time":"428.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bulleted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"428.48","end_time":"428.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"428.75","end_time":"428.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"428.91","end_time":"429.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"429.57","end_time":"429.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"429.67","end_time":"429.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"429.77","end_time":"429.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"429.87","end_time":"430.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"430.19","end_time":"430.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"click"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"430.48","end_time":"430.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"432.1","end_time":"432.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.29","end_time":"432.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.44","end_time":"432.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.65","end_time":"432.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.8","end_time":"433.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"underlying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"434.18","end_time":"434.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4927","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"435.44","end_time":"436.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"formatting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"436.52","end_time":"436.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"436.92","end_time":"437.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.25","end_time":"437.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9058","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.33","end_time":"437.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.79","end_time":"437.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.9","end_time":"438.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.43","end_time":"438.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.62","end_time":"438.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.89","end_time":"438.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.98","end_time":"439.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.04","end_time":"439.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.4","end_time":"439.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"440.12","end_time":"440.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"440.94","end_time":"441.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7382","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"441.42","end_time":"441.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"441.77","end_time":"441.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"442.0","end_time":"442.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8895","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"442.21","end_time":"442.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"442.52","end_time":"442.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"442.68","end_time":"442.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"442.79","end_time":"443.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"443.0","end_time":"443.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"443.1","end_time":"443.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"443.21","end_time":"443.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"header"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"443.67","end_time":"443.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"443.84","end_time":"444.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"444.01","end_time":"444.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"slide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"445.44","end_time":"446.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"446.17","end_time":"446.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.29","end_time":"446.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.58","end_time":"446.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.76","end_time":"447.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6865","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"447.09","end_time":"447.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"447.29","end_time":"447.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pound"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"447.65","end_time":"447.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"447.89","end_time":"448.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"448.01","end_time":"448.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"front"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"448.25","end_time":"448.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"448.32","end_time":"448.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"448.95","end_time":"449.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.3","end_time":"449.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.39","end_time":"449.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9342","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.51","end_time":"449.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9775","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.58","end_time":"450.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"header"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"450.28","end_time":"450.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.46","end_time":"450.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.57","end_time":"450.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.79","end_time":"451.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"£2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.45","end_time":"451.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.58","end_time":"451.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"front"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.81","end_time":"451.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.9","end_time":"452.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"452.48","end_time":"452.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.67","end_time":"452.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.75","end_time":"453.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"smaller"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"454.84","end_time":"455.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"header"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"455.58","end_time":"455.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"455.83","end_time":"455.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"455.94","end_time":"456.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"456.03","end_time":"456.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"456.25","end_time":"456.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"pound"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"456.57","end_time":"456.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"signs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"456.84","end_time":"456.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"456.96","end_time":"457.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"458.03","end_time":"458.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"458.15","end_time":"458.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smaller"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"458.68","end_time":"458.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"458.81","end_time":"459.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"460.11","end_time":"460.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9808","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"460.96","end_time":"461.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"461.15","end_time":"461.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"461.59","end_time":"462.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"462.08","end_time":"463.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asterisks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"463.85","end_time":"464.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.0","end_time":"464.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.06","end_time":"464.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.13","end_time":"464.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.38","end_time":"464.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.55","end_time":"464.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9497","content":"dio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"467.45","end_time":"467.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.72","end_time":"467.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.94","end_time":"468.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"468.05","end_time":"468.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bullet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"468.37","end_time":"469.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"points"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"469.94","end_time":"470.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"470.53","end_time":"470.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"470.7","end_time":"471.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"471.64","end_time":"471.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"471.96","end_time":"472.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"472.22","end_time":"472.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"472.45","end_time":"472.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"472.89","end_time":"473.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"quote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"473.46","end_time":"473.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"473.77","end_time":"474.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"474.17","end_time":"474.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"476.14","end_time":"476.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"476.31","end_time":"476.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"476.43","end_time":"476.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"476.66","end_time":"477.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"taking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.08","end_time":"477.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.18","end_time":"477.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"477.46","end_time":"477.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.58","end_time":"477.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.69","end_time":"477.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.98","end_time":"478.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"478.54","end_time":"478.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"Do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"478.69","end_time":"478.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"478.76","end_time":"478.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"478.93","end_time":"479.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"479.02","end_time":"479.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"480.14","end_time":"480.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.33","end_time":"480.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.5","end_time":"480.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.71","end_time":"480.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.79","end_time":"480.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8491","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.93","end_time":"481.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"481.05","end_time":"481.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"481.13","end_time":"481.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"projector"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"481.66","end_time":"481.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"481.95","end_time":"482.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.713","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"482.47","end_time":"482.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"482.59","end_time":"482.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"482.84","end_time":"483.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"483.18","end_time":"483.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9014","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"483.48","end_time":"483.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"483.73","end_time":"484.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5873","content":"gray"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"484.73","end_time":"485.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"highlighting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.69","end_time":"485.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7559","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.84","end_time":"485.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.92","end_time":"486.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8099","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.13","end_time":"486.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6379","content":"mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.39","end_time":"486.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9041","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.61","end_time":"487.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"487.74","end_time":"488.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"488.91","end_time":"489.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.16","end_time":"489.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.44","end_time":"489.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"490.34","end_time":"490.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"490.72","end_time":"491.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.98","end_time":"492.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"tick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.31","end_time":"492.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"marks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.65","end_time":"493.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"493.03","end_time":"493.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"494.41","end_time":"494.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4161","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"494.91","end_time":"495.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.14","end_time":"495.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.62","end_time":"495.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4498","content":"marked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.93","end_time":"496.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8387","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"496.14","end_time":"496.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"496.27","end_time":"496.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"496.56","end_time":"496.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"497.13","end_time":"497.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"formatting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"497.86","end_time":"498.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"language"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"498.69","end_time":"498.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"498.87","end_time":"498.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"498.94","end_time":"499.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"499.46","end_time":"499.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"499.61","end_time":"500.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.399","content":"d'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.07","end_time":"500.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.75","end_time":"501.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"501.79","end_time":"502.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"however"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"502.39","end_time":"502.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"502.51","end_time":"502.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"503.04","end_time":"503.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"503.6","end_time":"503.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"503.79","end_time":"503.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"503.9","end_time":"504.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.12","end_time":"504.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.2","end_time":"504.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.45","end_time":"504.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"504.8","end_time":"504.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.93","end_time":"505.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"505.07","end_time":"505.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"505.36","end_time":"506.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"processing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"506.06","end_time":"506.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"506.19","end_time":"506.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9004","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"506.26","end_time":"506.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"507.41","end_time":"507.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.6","end_time":"507.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.98","end_time":"508.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.22","end_time":"508.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.45","end_time":"509.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simplistic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"509.14","end_time":"509.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9471","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.23","end_time":"509.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.48","end_time":"509.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.75","end_time":"509.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.91","end_time":"510.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.17","end_time":"510.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"511.0","end_time":"511.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"511.2","end_time":"511.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"511.38","end_time":"511.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"511.71","end_time":"511.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"511.85","end_time":"511.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"511.99","end_time":"512.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.21","end_time":"512.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.35","end_time":"512.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.54","end_time":"512.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.64","end_time":"513.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"focus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.22","end_time":"513.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.35","end_time":"513.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.44","end_time":"513.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"513.93","end_time":"514.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"514.34","end_time":"514.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"514.55","end_time":"514.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"514.65","end_time":"514.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"514.88","end_time":"515.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.04","end_time":"515.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.15","end_time":"515.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.41","end_time":"515.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.51","end_time":"515.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.63","end_time":"515.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.79","end_time":"516.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.2","end_time":"516.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.5","end_time":"516.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.94","end_time":"517.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9397","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.38","end_time":"517.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.47","end_time":"517.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.78","end_time":"517.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.87","end_time":"518.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.01","end_time":"518.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.88","end_time":"519.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"519.26","end_time":"519.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9622","content":"howto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.24","end_time":"520.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.36","end_time":"520.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.49","end_time":"520.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.94","end_time":"521.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"521.3","end_time":"521.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"521.79","end_time":"522.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"522.74","end_time":"523.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"523.14","end_time":"523.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"523.37","end_time":"523.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"523.89","end_time":"524.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.11","end_time":"524.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7897","content":"markdown"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.58","end_time":"524.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.7","end_time":"524.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.95","end_time":"525.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"525.16","end_time":"525.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"525.29","end_time":"525.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"525.74","end_time":"526.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.53","end_time":"526.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"526.97","end_time":"527.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"527.11","end_time":"527.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"527.26","end_time":"527.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"527.36","end_time":"527.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"527.62","end_time":"527.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"527.7","end_time":"527.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"527.98","end_time":"528.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"528.12","end_time":"528.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"528.47","end_time":"528.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"528.55","end_time":"528.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"528.86","end_time":"529.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6475","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.22","end_time":"529.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.36","end_time":"529.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6708","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.48","end_time":"529.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"provide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.88","end_time":"529.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.95","end_time":"530.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4828","content":"mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.21","end_time":"530.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6823","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.45","end_time":"530.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"530.81","end_time":"531.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.01","end_time":"531.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.42","end_time":"532.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"explanations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.15","end_time":"532.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.27","end_time":"532.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.35","end_time":"532.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.9","end_time":"533.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.01","end_time":"533.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.17","end_time":"533.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.24","end_time":"533.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.42","end_time":"533.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.51","end_time":"533.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"534.67","end_time":"534.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"534.79","end_time":"534.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"534.89","end_time":"535.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"535.02","end_time":"535.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"537.69","end_time":"538.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.83","end_time":"539.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"539.0","end_time":"539.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"539.17","end_time":"539.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"539.42","end_time":"539.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"539.56","end_time":"539.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"539.85","end_time":"540.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"slide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"540.53","end_time":"541.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9039","content":"view"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"544.6","end_time":"544.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"544.72","end_time":"544.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"544.93","end_time":"545.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.11","end_time":"545.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.25","end_time":"545.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8215","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.44","end_time":"545.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.63","end_time":"546.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.06","end_time":"546.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.84","end_time":"547.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.13","end_time":"547.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.35","end_time":"547.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6204","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.74","end_time":"548.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5193","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"552.04","end_time":"552.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"552.79","end_time":"553.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.04","end_time":"554.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.57","end_time":"554.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.75","end_time":"555.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"act"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.01","end_time":"555.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.17","end_time":"555.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.24","end_time":"555.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"555.94","end_time":"556.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.09","end_time":"556.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9648","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.21","end_time":"556.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.5","end_time":"556.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.61","end_time":"556.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.78","end_time":"557.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"557.33","end_time":"557.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"557.45","end_time":"557.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9305","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"557.75","end_time":"557.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"557.82","end_time":"558.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"558.21","end_time":"558.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"558.34","end_time":"558.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"evaluate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"558.97","end_time":"559.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"559.6","end_time":"559.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"559.87","end_time":"559.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"559.98","end_time":"560.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.06","end_time":"560.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.24","end_time":"560.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9559","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.42","end_time":"560.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"561.82","end_time":"562.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"graphing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"562.28","end_time":"562.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculators"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"562.95","end_time":"563.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"563.01","end_time":"563.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9202","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"563.25","end_time":"563.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Google"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"563.64","end_time":"563.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"563.87","end_time":"564.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.06","end_time":"564.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.21","end_time":"564.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.3","end_time":"564.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.88","end_time":"565.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9369","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.01","end_time":"565.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.22","end_time":"565.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.44","end_time":"565.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.8","end_time":"566.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.05","end_time":"566.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"566.47","end_time":"566.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5204","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.62","end_time":"566.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.82","end_time":"567.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Alfa"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"567.38","end_time":"567.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.43","end_time":"567.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6837","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.71","end_time":"567.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.89","end_time":"568.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"568.57","end_time":"568.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"568.96","end_time":"569.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"569.15","end_time":"569.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"569.28","end_time":"569.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"569.58","end_time":"570.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.01","end_time":"570.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"system"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.53","end_time":"570.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.69","end_time":"570.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.75","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.81","end_time":"571.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"evaluate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"571.25","end_time":"571.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"571.75","end_time":"572.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.04","end_time":"572.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.11","end_time":"572.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9723","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.24","end_time":"572.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"572.4","end_time":"572.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.53","end_time":"572.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.59","end_time":"572.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.65","end_time":"572.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.78","end_time":"572.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.84","end_time":"573.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"evaluate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"574.0","end_time":"574.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9251","content":"Two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"574.61","end_time":"575.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"575.57","end_time":"576.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"75"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"577.14","end_time":"577.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"578.34","end_time":"578.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"580.02","end_time":"580.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.14","end_time":"580.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.46","end_time":"580.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.59","end_time":"581.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.28","end_time":"582.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.39","end_time":"582.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.63","end_time":"582.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.79","end_time":"583.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.05","end_time":"583.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.3","end_time":"583.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.72","end_time":"583.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8599","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.79","end_time":"584.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"584.14","end_time":"584.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"calculate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"584.71","end_time":"584.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.17","end_time":"585.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.44","end_time":"585.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.74","end_time":"586.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hold"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"586.04","end_time":"586.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"586.21","end_time":"586.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"586.29","end_time":"586.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"586.63","end_time":"587.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"key"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"587.03","end_time":"587.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"while"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"587.28","end_time":"587.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"587.35","end_time":"587.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"press"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"587.67","end_time":"588.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"588.7","end_time":"588.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"588.87","end_time":"589.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.05","end_time":"589.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.18","end_time":"589.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.61","end_time":"589.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7765","content":"er"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"590.84","end_time":"591.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"regular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.27","end_time":"591.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.73","end_time":"591.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.8","end_time":"592.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8095","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"593.55","end_time":"593.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"593.71","end_time":"593.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9477","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"593.94","end_time":"594.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.05","end_time":"594.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.36","end_time":"594.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"button"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"596.32","end_time":"596.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.52","end_time":"596.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"598.73","end_time":"598.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.92","end_time":"599.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.15","end_time":"599.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.24","end_time":"599.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.5","end_time":"599.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"600.44","end_time":"600.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.14","end_time":"601.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.32","end_time":"601.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.38","end_time":"601.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.64","end_time":"602.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"faster"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.04","end_time":"602.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6758","content":"t"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.35","end_time":"602.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9849","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.52","end_time":"602.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.69","end_time":"602.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.79","end_time":"603.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8907","content":"shortcuts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"605.23","end_time":"605.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"605.46","end_time":"605.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"605.79","end_time":"606.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.12","end_time":"606.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.35","end_time":"606.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.6","end_time":"606.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.68","end_time":"607.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.02","end_time":"607.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.37","end_time":"607.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.58","end_time":"607.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.74","end_time":"608.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.25","end_time":"608.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.52","end_time":"608.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7226","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.75","end_time":"608.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.691","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.95","end_time":"609.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"quarter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"609.87","end_time":"610.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"Whenever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.24","end_time":"610.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.3","end_time":"610.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.59","end_time":"610.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.73","end_time":"610.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"610.99","end_time":"611.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"611.05","end_time":"611.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"611.21","end_time":"611.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"611.3","end_time":"611.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"such"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"611.52","end_time":"611.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"611.57","end_time":"611.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"habit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"611.93","end_time":"612.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"612.14","end_time":"612.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"pressing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"612.49","end_time":"612.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"612.81","end_time":"613.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.15","end_time":"613.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.33","end_time":"613.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whenever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.7","end_time":"613.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.79","end_time":"613.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.97","end_time":"614.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"614.15","end_time":"614.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"writing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"614.46","end_time":"614.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"614.55","end_time":"615.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8505","content":"email"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"615.0","end_time":"615.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"615.1","end_time":"615.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"615.5","end_time":"615.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"615.57","end_time":"615.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"615.78","end_time":"615.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"615.96","end_time":"616.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"616.25","end_time":"616.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"616.53","end_time":"616.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"616.84","end_time":"617.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"617.64","end_time":"617.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"617.94","end_time":"618.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7674","content":"become"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"618.24","end_time":"618.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"618.59","end_time":"619.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"619.44","end_time":"619.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7278","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"621.34","end_time":"621.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"621.53","end_time":"621.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"621.77","end_time":"621.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"621.9","end_time":"622.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.04","end_time":"622.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.33","end_time":"623.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"standard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.22","end_time":"623.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.46","end_time":"623.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.6","end_time":"623.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.89","end_time":"624.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.78","end_time":"625.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.99","end_time":"626.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.2","end_time":"626.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.29","end_time":"626.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"evaluate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.85","end_time":"626.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.99","end_time":"627.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"627.59","end_time":"627.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8994","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"627.66","end_time":"627.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9688","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"627.85","end_time":"628.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"628.65","end_time":"628.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"628.81","end_time":"629.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.03","end_time":"629.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.26","end_time":"629.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"mind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.58","end_time":"630.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"blowing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"630.06","end_time":"630.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.25","end_time":"630.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.38","end_time":"630.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.77","end_time":"630.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.95","end_time":"631.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.03","end_time":"631.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.12","end_time":"631.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.29","end_time":"631.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.39","end_time":"631.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"637.04","end_time":"637.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"637.44","end_time":"637.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.59","end_time":"637.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.77","end_time":"637.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.94","end_time":"638.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.1","end_time":"638.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.29","end_time":"638.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.38","end_time":"638.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.72","end_time":"639.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"640.24","end_time":"640.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"640.95","end_time":"641.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"641.21","end_time":"641.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6622","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"641.31","end_time":"641.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9418","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"641.69","end_time":"642.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"642.84","end_time":"643.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"model"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.35","end_time":"643.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.47","end_time":"643.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.57","end_time":"643.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.78","end_time":"644.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.05","end_time":"644.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.27","end_time":"644.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pieces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.58","end_time":"644.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.66","end_time":"644.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.89","end_time":"644.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7256","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.97","end_time":"645.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7252","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.01","end_time":"645.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"645.4","end_time":"645.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.51","end_time":"645.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.6","end_time":"645.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9093","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.7","end_time":"645.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.92","end_time":"646.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"typing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"646.23","end_time":"646.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"646.29","end_time":"646.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"646.71","end_time":"647.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8292","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.2","end_time":"647.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8158","content":"you'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.34","end_time":"647.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.52","end_time":"647.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"647.63","end_time":"647.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"647.89","end_time":"648.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.23","end_time":"648.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.3","end_time":"648.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"entire"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.62","end_time":"649.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9437","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"649.64","end_time":"649.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"650.84","end_time":"651.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"651.56","end_time":"651.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"651.78","end_time":"651.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.89","end_time":"652.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.33","end_time":"652.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.58","end_time":"652.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.71","end_time":"652.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.79","end_time":"653.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"654.69","end_time":"655.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"655.2","end_time":"655.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3149","content":"Caesar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"655.76","end_time":"656.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.12","end_time":"656.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.23","end_time":"656.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"turns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.51","end_time":"656.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.59","end_time":"656.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.8","end_time":"657.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"657.57","end_time":"657.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.72","end_time":"658.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"658.15","end_time":"658.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"658.36","end_time":"658.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"658.52","end_time":"658.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"658.72","end_time":"659.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"steps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"659.01","end_time":"659.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.19","end_time":"659.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"reads"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.5","end_time":"659.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.67","end_time":"659.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.82","end_time":"660.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"written"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"660.91","end_time":"661.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.09","end_time":"662.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"evaluates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.02","end_time":"662.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.25","end_time":"662.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.48","end_time":"662.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.78","end_time":"662.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.99","end_time":"663.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.46","end_time":"663.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"663.76","end_time":"663.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.86","end_time":"664.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.0","end_time":"664.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.11","end_time":"664.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"prints"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.46","end_time":"664.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.6","end_time":"665.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"667.44","end_time":"667.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.62","end_time":"667.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.73","end_time":"667.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"668.0","end_time":"668.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"668.43","end_time":"668.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8898","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"669.83","end_time":"669.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"669.97","end_time":"670.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pound"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.38","end_time":"670.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.72","end_time":"670.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.89","end_time":"671.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"front"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"671.54","end_time":"671.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"671.7","end_time":"672.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"672.1","end_time":"672.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.19","end_time":"672.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"becomes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.56","end_time":"672.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.62","end_time":"673.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"673.65","end_time":"673.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9671","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"673.92","end_time":"674.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"674.04","end_time":"674.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"674.13","end_time":"674.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"674.28","end_time":"674.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"674.51","end_time":"674.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"674.89","end_time":"674.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"674.97","end_time":"675.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.12","end_time":"675.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8976","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.84","end_time":"676.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"676.56","end_time":"676.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.66","end_time":"676.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.79","end_time":"676.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.95","end_time":"677.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.22","end_time":"677.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.31","end_time":"677.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"677.5","end_time":"677.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.62","end_time":"677.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.79","end_time":"677.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.99","end_time":"678.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8149","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"678.15","end_time":"678.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"678.51","end_time":"678.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"678.91","end_time":"679.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"680.12","end_time":"680.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"680.94","end_time":"681.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"683.63","end_time":"683.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"683.87","end_time":"684.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"685.5","end_time":"685.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"685.68","end_time":"685.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"685.77","end_time":"686.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pound"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.21","end_time":"686.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.74","end_time":"687.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9717","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.94","end_time":"688.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9717","content":"front"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.23","end_time":"688.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.3","end_time":"688.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.62","end_time":"688.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.93","end_time":"689.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.9","end_time":"692.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.13","end_time":"692.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.32","end_time":"692.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7682","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.85","end_time":"693.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.4","end_time":"693.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.87","end_time":"694.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"695.23","end_time":"695.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"696.72","end_time":"696.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.86","end_time":"697.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.12","end_time":"697.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.51","end_time":"697.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.86","end_time":"698.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.08","end_time":"698.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.19","end_time":"698.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.29","end_time":"698.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.51","end_time":"698.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.78","end_time":"699.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9296","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"699.25","end_time":"699.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9093","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"699.51","end_time":"700.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ignores"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"700.31","end_time":"700.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"700.42","end_time":"701.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.06","end_time":"701.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.2","end_time":"701.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5287","content":"adjust"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.6","end_time":"701.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.79","end_time":"701.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9468","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.86","end_time":"702.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"702.42","end_time":"702.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"705.34","end_time":"705.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.71","end_time":"705.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.85","end_time":"705.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.96","end_time":"706.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"706.11","end_time":"706.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"706.55","end_time":"707.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"715.54","end_time":"715.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5219","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"715.62","end_time":"715.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9442","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"716.29","end_time":"716.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"716.47","end_time":"716.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"716.55","end_time":"716.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"716.66","end_time":"717.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"717.06","end_time":"717.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"718.94","end_time":"719.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"719.73","end_time":"720.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"720.16","end_time":"720.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"720.33","end_time":"720.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"720.6","end_time":"720.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"720.7","end_time":"721.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"723.62","end_time":"723.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"723.88","end_time":"724.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"724.19","end_time":"724.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"724.48","end_time":"724.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"724.63","end_time":"724.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"724.99","end_time":"725.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"725.31","end_time":"725.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"727.14","end_time":"727.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"727.33","end_time":"727.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"727.39","end_time":"727.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"727.62","end_time":"727.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"727.9","end_time":"728.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"728.01","end_time":"728.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"728.77","end_time":"728.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"728.94","end_time":"729.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"729.51","end_time":"729.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"729.67","end_time":"730.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"730.19","end_time":"730.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"730.43","end_time":"730.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9585","content":"calculating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"730.99","end_time":"731.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"731.21","end_time":"731.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"731.3","end_time":"731.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"732.74","end_time":"732.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"732.99","end_time":"733.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7775","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.3","end_time":"734.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"displays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.01","end_time":"734.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.12","end_time":"734.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.47","end_time":"735.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"735.54","end_time":"735.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.76","end_time":"735.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.85","end_time":"736.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.06","end_time":"736.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.13","end_time":"736.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.32","end_time":"736.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.42","end_time":"736.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"answers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.8","end_time":"736.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.91","end_time":"737.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.2","end_time":"737.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"738.74","end_time":"738.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.9","end_time":"739.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.13","end_time":"739.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.32","end_time":"739.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.62","end_time":"739.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.78","end_time":"739.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.93","end_time":"740.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6553","content":"separately"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"741.14","end_time":"741.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.28","end_time":"741.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.42","end_time":"741.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.53","end_time":"741.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.8","end_time":"742.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.1","end_time":"742.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.38","end_time":"742.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"743.9","end_time":"744.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"744.12","end_time":"744.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"744.2","end_time":"744.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7522","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"744.36","end_time":"744.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6715","content":"d'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"746.34","end_time":"746.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"746.72","end_time":"747.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.0","end_time":"747.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.31","end_time":"747.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4757","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"752.34","end_time":"752.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7903","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"755.31","end_time":"755.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"755.96","end_time":"756.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"756.39","end_time":"756.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"756.71","end_time":"757.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.51","end_time":"757.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.73","end_time":"757.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.96","end_time":"758.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"760.13","end_time":"760.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8067","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"760.36","end_time":"760.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"760.93","end_time":"761.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.07","end_time":"761.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.15","end_time":"761.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.56","end_time":"763.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"46"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.1","end_time":"763.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.28","end_time":"763.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"765.04","end_time":"765.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.32","end_time":"765.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.46","end_time":"765.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.75","end_time":"766.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8881","content":"account"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.31","end_time":"766.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.62","end_time":"767.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.03","end_time":"767.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8217","content":"sells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.35","end_time":"767.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.46","end_time":"768.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"executed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.07","end_time":"768.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.18","end_time":"768.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.41","end_time":"768.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"770.04","end_time":"770.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.51","end_time":"770.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.65","end_time":"770.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.95","end_time":"771.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.33","end_time":"771.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.58","end_time":"771.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.65","end_time":"772.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9622","content":"execute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.33","end_time":"772.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.46","end_time":"772.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.54","end_time":"773.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"773.0","end_time":"773.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9683","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"773.13","end_time":"773.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"773.36","end_time":"773.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"773.74","end_time":"774.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5876","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"774.07","end_time":"774.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"Where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"774.23","end_time":"774.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9507","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"774.38","end_time":"774.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"774.71","end_time":"775.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.65","end_time":"775.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.94","end_time":"776.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.01","end_time":"776.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.74","end_time":"776.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9356","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.91","end_time":"777.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9333","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"777.17","end_time":"777.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.31","end_time":"777.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.44","end_time":"777.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.53","end_time":"777.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.96","end_time":"778.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"778.27","end_time":"778.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"778.44","end_time":"778.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"778.92","end_time":"779.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.31","end_time":"779.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.39","end_time":"779.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9758","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.5","end_time":"779.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5085","content":"Dio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.85","end_time":"780.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.0","end_time":"780.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8554","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.16","end_time":"780.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.72","end_time":"781.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.02","end_time":"781.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.15","end_time":"781.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.43","end_time":"781.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.58","end_time":"781.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.66","end_time":"781.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.88","end_time":"782.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"782.58","end_time":"782.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8605","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.64","end_time":"782.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9809","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"782.77","end_time":"782.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.88","end_time":"783.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"783.02","end_time":"783.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"783.21","end_time":"783.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"783.33","end_time":"783.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keeps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"783.65","end_time":"783.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"783.94","end_time":"784.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.05","end_time":"784.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.14","end_time":"784.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"history"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.64","end_time":"784.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.88","end_time":"785.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"785.28","end_time":"785.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7476","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"785.73","end_time":"785.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9364","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"785.88","end_time":"786.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"786.11","end_time":"786.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.26","end_time":"786.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.48","end_time":"786.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"787.44","end_time":"787.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.868","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"788.0","end_time":"788.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.32","end_time":"788.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9648","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.43","end_time":"788.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.6","end_time":"788.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.82","end_time":"789.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confusing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"789.43","end_time":"789.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.58","end_time":"789.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.73","end_time":"789.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.9","end_time":"790.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.02","end_time":"790.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.43","end_time":"790.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.7","end_time":"790.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.78","end_time":"791.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"792.27","end_time":"792.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.39","end_time":"792.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.77","end_time":"793.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.16","end_time":"793.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.33","end_time":"793.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.43","end_time":"793.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.52","end_time":"793.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.94","end_time":"794.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.04","end_time":"794.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.27","end_time":"794.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"795.4","end_time":"795.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.65","end_time":"795.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.84","end_time":"795.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.96","end_time":"796.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"796.37","end_time":"796.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.95","end_time":"797.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.14","end_time":"797.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5862","content":"tryto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.72","end_time":"797.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.97","end_time":"798.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"798.08","end_time":"798.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"798.23","end_time":"798.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"798.4","end_time":"798.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"798.48","end_time":"798.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"top"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"798.8","end_time":"799.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"799.09","end_time":"799.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.18","end_time":"799.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.37","end_time":"799.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.53","end_time":"799.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.87","end_time":"799.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.99","end_time":"800.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.21","end_time":"800.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.36","end_time":"800.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.8","end_time":"801.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.09","end_time":"801.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"801.54","end_time":"801.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.68","end_time":"801.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.891","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.94","end_time":"802.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8309","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"802.02","end_time":"802.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8284","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"802.1","end_time":"802.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"802.3","end_time":"802.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"802.6","end_time":"803.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"803.08","end_time":"803.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"803.27","end_time":"803.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"803.36","end_time":"803.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"top"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"803.67","end_time":"804.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"804.29","end_time":"804.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.48","end_time":"804.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.67","end_time":"805.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"catches"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.03","end_time":"805.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.1","end_time":"805.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.34","end_time":"805.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.46","end_time":"806.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.01","end_time":"806.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.19","end_time":"806.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.55","end_time":"806.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.8","end_time":"807.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.08","end_time":"807.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.25","end_time":"807.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.56","end_time":"808.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"passed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.37","end_time":"808.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.55","end_time":"808.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5453","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.63","end_time":"808.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5278","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.74","end_time":"808.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.95","end_time":"809.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"809.06","end_time":"809.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"809.22","end_time":"809.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"809.31","end_time":"809.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6627","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"809.62","end_time":"809.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"809.69","end_time":"810.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"811.04","end_time":"811.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.48","end_time":"811.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.64","end_time":"811.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.76","end_time":"811.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.92","end_time":"812.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"812.03","end_time":"812.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"812.64","end_time":"812.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"top"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"812.96","end_time":"813.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"813.06","end_time":"813.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bottom"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"813.37","end_time":"813.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"813.46","end_time":"813.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"813.79","end_time":"814.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"814.13","end_time":"814.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"814.48","end_time":"814.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"815.09","end_time":"815.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somehow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"815.61","end_time":"815.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"815.83","end_time":"816.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.02","end_time":"816.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9548","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.23","end_time":"816.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.42","end_time":"816.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.5","end_time":"816.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.87","end_time":"816.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.96","end_time":"817.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.12","end_time":"817.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9404","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.21","end_time":"817.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.29","end_time":"817.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"817.76","end_time":"818.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.04","end_time":"818.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.2","end_time":"818.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.38","end_time":"818.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.49","end_time":"818.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4887","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.8","end_time":"818.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3574","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.89","end_time":"819.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7446","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.08","end_time":"819.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.34","end_time":"819.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.45","end_time":"819.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.71","end_time":"819.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.82","end_time":"820.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.0","end_time":"820.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"826.14","end_time":"826.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.36","end_time":"826.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.41","end_time":"826.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.6","end_time":"826.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.72","end_time":"827.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"827.3","end_time":"827.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7767","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"827.61","end_time":"827.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"827.76","end_time":"827.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"827.91","end_time":"828.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"independent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"828.65","end_time":"828.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"828.93","end_time":"829.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.06","end_time":"829.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.19","end_time":"829.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.32","end_time":"829.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6603","content":"self"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.56","end_time":"829.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.584","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.67","end_time":"829.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9462","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.77","end_time":"829.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.99","end_time":"830.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"running"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.19","end_time":"830.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6009","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.38","end_time":"830.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.576","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"831.0","end_time":"831.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"832.35","end_time":"832.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"832.55","end_time":"832.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9758","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"832.75","end_time":"832.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"832.88","end_time":"833.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"fast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"833.23","end_time":"833.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"834.41","end_time":"834.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.53","end_time":"834.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"834.62","end_time":"834.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.7","end_time":"834.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.8","end_time":"834.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9087","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.95","end_time":"835.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.27","end_time":"835.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9669","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.66","end_time":"835.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.78","end_time":"835.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.92","end_time":"836.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6629","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.03","end_time":"836.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4819","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.12","end_time":"836.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6066","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.22","end_time":"836.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5754","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.44","end_time":"836.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.79","end_time":"837.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"required"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.16","end_time":"837.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.26","end_time":"837.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.4","end_time":"837.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.64","end_time":"837.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.77","end_time":"837.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.97","end_time":"838.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9691","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.18","end_time":"838.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.37","end_time":"838.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"838.49","end_time":"838.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.68","end_time":"838.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.75","end_time":"838.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.99","end_time":"839.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"process"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"839.95","end_time":"840.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"843.33","end_time":"843.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7912","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"843.69","end_time":"844.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.15","end_time":"844.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9688","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.31","end_time":"844.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.47","end_time":"844.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.852","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.65","end_time":"844.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"imports"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.98","end_time":"845.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"845.22","end_time":"845.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.43","end_time":"845.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.61","end_time":"845.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.81","end_time":"845.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.92","end_time":"846.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.02","end_time":"846.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.29","end_time":"846.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.38","end_time":"846.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.47","end_time":"846.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"beginning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"846.94","end_time":"847.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"847.12","end_time":"847.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"847.84","end_time":"848.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"848.14","end_time":"848.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"848.21","end_time":"848.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"848.46","end_time":"848.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"848.62","end_time":"848.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"848.73","end_time":"848.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"848.82","end_time":"849.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"849.05","end_time":"849.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"849.11","end_time":"849.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"849.21","end_time":"849.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9022","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"851.01","end_time":"851.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9089","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"851.44","end_time":"851.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.74","end_time":"852.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"853.54","end_time":"854.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9337","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.74","end_time":"856.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"where's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.22","end_time":"856.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"857.24","end_time":"857.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.49","end_time":"857.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8911","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.62","end_time":"857.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.77","end_time":"857.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.95","end_time":"858.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5573","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"858.27","end_time":"858.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"858.63","end_time":"859.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.92","end_time":"863.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"863.23","end_time":"863.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"863.29","end_time":"863.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9577","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"863.42","end_time":"863.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9705","content":"explain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"864.44","end_time":"864.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6039","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"864.6","end_time":"864.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"864.68","end_time":"864.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"864.93","end_time":"865.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9033","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"865.04","end_time":"865.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"deleted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"865.46","end_time":"865.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"869.49","end_time":"869.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"869.65","end_time":"869.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.81","end_time":"869.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.87","end_time":"870.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"delete"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.17","end_time":"870.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8915","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.26","end_time":"870.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7284","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"871.77","end_time":"871.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"871.93","end_time":"872.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"872.27","end_time":"872.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.34","end_time":"872.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.5","end_time":"872.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.66","end_time":"872.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.7","end_time":"873.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"873.15","end_time":"873.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"873.35","end_time":"873.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"873.45","end_time":"873.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"873.48","end_time":"873.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7173","content":"D'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"875.59","end_time":"875.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"875.72","end_time":"875.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"875.78","end_time":"876.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"883.81","end_time":"884.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"884.12","end_time":"884.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"Let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.35","end_time":"884.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.53","end_time":"884.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.64","end_time":"884.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.91","end_time":"885.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"885.17","end_time":"885.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"886.97","end_time":"887.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.18","end_time":"887.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.3","end_time":"887.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8505","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.5","end_time":"887.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8673","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.54","end_time":"887.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.88","end_time":"887.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.95","end_time":"888.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"889.18","end_time":"889.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"889.43","end_time":"889.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"889.54","end_time":"889.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8628","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"889.93","end_time":"890.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"890.27","end_time":"890.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.52","end_time":"890.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9552","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.77","end_time":"890.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.93","end_time":"891.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"891.16","end_time":"891.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5585","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"891.28","end_time":"891.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"sick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"891.7","end_time":"892.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.1","end_time":"892.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9519","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.34","end_time":"892.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3029","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"892.46","end_time":"892.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.55","end_time":"892.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7446","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.88","end_time":"893.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.05","end_time":"893.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.19","end_time":"893.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.23","end_time":"893.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.48","end_time":"893.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.6","end_time":"893.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5363","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.83","end_time":"894.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.07","end_time":"894.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.23","end_time":"894.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.27","end_time":"894.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.99","end_time":"895.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7779","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"895.23","end_time":"895.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.38","end_time":"895.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.45","end_time":"895.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.71","end_time":"895.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.98","end_time":"896.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.06","end_time":"896.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.32","end_time":"896.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.66","end_time":"896.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"898.44","end_time":"898.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"898.57","end_time":"898.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"898.67","end_time":"898.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"898.79","end_time":"899.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"900.05","end_time":"900.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.29","end_time":"900.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"while"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.52","end_time":"900.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.63","end_time":"901.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"901.48","end_time":"901.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.54","end_time":"901.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.67","end_time":"901.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.76","end_time":"901.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.87","end_time":"901.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.98","end_time":"902.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8668","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.31","end_time":"902.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.46","end_time":"902.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.68","end_time":"903.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"903.06","end_time":"903.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.16","end_time":"903.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9498","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.35","end_time":"903.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.45","end_time":"904.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asterisk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"905.03","end_time":"905.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7867","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.09","end_time":"905.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9663","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"905.24","end_time":"905.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.42","end_time":"905.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.65","end_time":"905.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9697","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.95","end_time":"906.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9185","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"906.15","end_time":"906.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thinking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"906.78","end_time":"906.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"906.95","end_time":"907.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9753","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.08","end_time":"907.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8941","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.24","end_time":"907.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9282","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.6","end_time":"907.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7835","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.87","end_time":"908.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"stuck"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.3","end_time":"908.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.46","end_time":"908.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.64","end_time":"909.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asterisk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"910.02","end_time":"910.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.24","end_time":"910.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.43","end_time":"910.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.56","end_time":"910.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hung"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.84","end_time":"911.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"911.37","end_time":"911.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7031","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"912.44","end_time":"913.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"913.64","end_time":"913.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"913.81","end_time":"913.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"913.92","end_time":"914.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.15","end_time":"914.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.27","end_time":"914.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.47","end_time":"914.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.53","end_time":"914.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.69","end_time":"914.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9508","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.79","end_time":"915.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8591","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"915.54","end_time":"915.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"915.68","end_time":"915.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"915.81","end_time":"915.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"915.93","end_time":"916.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"Colonel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.04","end_time":"918.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Interrupt"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.04","end_time":"920.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.26","end_time":"920.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.47","end_time":"920.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"Colonel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.98","end_time":"921.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"Restart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"922.2","end_time":"922.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.46","end_time":"922.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.53","end_time":"922.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"923.16","end_time":"923.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"starts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"923.55","end_time":"923.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"923.89","end_time":"924.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"925.64","end_time":"926.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"Questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"928.64","end_time":"928.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"928.88","end_time":"929.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"929.08","end_time":"929.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8683","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"929.83","end_time":"930.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"930.15","end_time":"930.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"935.74","end_time":"935.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"935.94","end_time":"936.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"936.22","end_time":"936.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7633","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"936.32","end_time":"936.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"936.44","end_time":"936.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"937.77","end_time":"937.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8964","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"937.97","end_time":"938.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6537","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.04","end_time":"938.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5286","content":"tent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.36","end_time":"938.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.56","end_time":"938.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.69","end_time":"938.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.91","end_time":"939.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"939.0","end_time":"939.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"939.08","end_time":"939.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"939.59","end_time":"940.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"941.84","end_time":"941.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7371","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"941.96","end_time":"942.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5834","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"942.1","end_time":"942.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"943.75","end_time":"944.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.24","end_time":"944.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.41","end_time":"944.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.56","end_time":"944.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.7","end_time":"945.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.64","end_time":"945.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.98","end_time":"946.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"946.47","end_time":"946.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"946.66","end_time":"946.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"946.77","end_time":"947.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"947.5","end_time":"948.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arithmetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"948.13","end_time":"948.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"949.77","end_time":"950.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"Here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"950.23","end_time":"950.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"950.3","end_time":"950.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"950.93","end_time":"951.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.02","end_time":"951.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"952.04","end_time":"952.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.25","end_time":"953.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"operate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.09","end_time":"953.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.22","end_time":"953.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9128","content":"operators"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.86","end_time":"954.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.02","end_time":"954.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.13","end_time":"954.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.46","end_time":"954.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8908","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.62","end_time":"955.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.64","end_time":"956.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"standard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"956.41","end_time":"956.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"except"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"956.97","end_time":"957.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exponents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"957.91","end_time":"958.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"958.08","end_time":"958.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"958.17","end_time":"958.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"958.42","end_time":"959.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unusual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"959.32","end_time":"959.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"959.67","end_time":"960.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9641","content":"programs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"960.11","end_time":"960.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"960.23","end_time":"960.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"960.38","end_time":"960.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"960.46","end_time":"961.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"carrot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"961.0","end_time":"961.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9574","content":"symbol"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"962.04","end_time":"962.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"962.25","end_time":"962.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"962.56","end_time":"962.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"962.77","end_time":"962.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"962.97","end_time":"963.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"uses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"963.27","end_time":"963.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"963.35","end_time":"963.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"963.77","end_time":"964.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asterisk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"970.44","end_time":"970.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.0","end_time":"971.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.63","end_time":"972.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9618","content":"knows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.0","end_time":"972.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.12","end_time":"972.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"standard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.71","end_time":"972.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.9","end_time":"972.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.96","end_time":"973.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"973.34","end_time":"973.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"973.43","end_time":"974.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"operations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"975.04","end_time":"975.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.19","end_time":"975.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5902","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.4","end_time":"975.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.63","end_time":"976.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"976.97","end_time":"977.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.535","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"977.91","end_time":"978.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.18","end_time":"978.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.29","end_time":"978.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.79","end_time":"978.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.94","end_time":"979.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.25","end_time":"979.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.34","end_time":"980.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"980.44","end_time":"980.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"980.71","end_time":"980.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"980.88","end_time":"981.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.05","end_time":"981.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.37","end_time":"981.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.63","end_time":"981.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.71","end_time":"981.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.81","end_time":"982.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"982.17","end_time":"982.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"983.24","end_time":"983.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"983.45","end_time":"984.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"writhe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"984.79","end_time":"984.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5705","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"984.92","end_time":"985.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8358","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"985.0","end_time":"985.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"985.11","end_time":"985.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"985.48","end_time":"986.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"986.84","end_time":"987.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9658","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"987.62","end_time":"987.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"987.82","end_time":"987.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9517","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"987.89","end_time":"987.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"987.99","end_time":"988.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"988.38","end_time":"988.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8946","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"991.41","end_time":"992.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"992.04","end_time":"992.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.767","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.21","end_time":"993.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9536","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.3","end_time":"993.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"993.48","end_time":"993.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.68","end_time":"993.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9441","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.82","end_time":"993.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9212","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.89","end_time":"994.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.847","content":"4"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"994.08","end_time":"995.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"16"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"996.43","end_time":"996.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"996.9","end_time":"997.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"998.84","end_time":"999.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"999.27","end_time":"999.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9661","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"999.51","end_time":"999.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"999.71","end_time":"999.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"999.82","end_time":"999.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9127","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"999.95","end_time":"1000.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1001.04","end_time":"1001.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9339","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1003.42","end_time":"1004.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"192"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1005.24","end_time":"1005.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1005.38","end_time":"1006.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1006.14","end_time":"1007.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1007.4","end_time":"1008.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"necessary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1008.17","end_time":"1008.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1010.89","end_time":"1011.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.31","end_time":"1011.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.42","end_time":"1011.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.72","end_time":"1011.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.81","end_time":"1012.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"operations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1012.65","end_time":"1012.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1012.94","end_time":"1013.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1013.22","end_time":"1013.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1013.36","end_time":"1013.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1013.53","end_time":"1013.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1013.78","end_time":"1013.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1013.9","end_time":"1014.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"exponentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.6","end_time":"1014.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8443","content":"ation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.88","end_time":"1015.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1015.57","end_time":"1015.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.78","end_time":"1015.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.93","end_time":"1016.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.03","end_time":"1016.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.16","end_time":"1016.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.32","end_time":"1016.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.39","end_time":"1017.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiplication"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1018.32","end_time":"1018.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.49","end_time":"1018.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.56","end_time":"1018.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.71","end_time":"1018.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.82","end_time":"1018.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.9","end_time":"1019.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.19","end_time":"1019.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1019.56","end_time":"1019.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.98","end_time":"1020.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.32","end_time":"1020.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.64","end_time":"1020.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4845","content":"wanna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.89","end_time":"1021.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.16","end_time":"1021.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.28","end_time":"1021.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.52","end_time":"1021.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1021.65","end_time":"1021.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1021.99","end_time":"1022.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.37","end_time":"1022.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.7","end_time":"1022.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.89","end_time":"1023.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.03","end_time":"1023.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.28","end_time":"1023.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1023.36","end_time":"1023.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6178","content":"D'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1023.66","end_time":"1023.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.89","end_time":"1024.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"horrible"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1024.43","end_time":"1024.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1024.99","end_time":"1025.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.6","end_time":"1025.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.77","end_time":"1025.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.85","end_time":"1026.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1026.07","end_time":"1026.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1026.3","end_time":"1026.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"readable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1026.84","end_time":"1027.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1027.0","end_time":"1027.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1027.11","end_time":"1027.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1027.37","end_time":"1027.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1027.47","end_time":"1028.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1029.09","end_time":"1029.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1029.33","end_time":"1029.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1029.6","end_time":"1029.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"though"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1029.72","end_time":"1029.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1029.85","end_time":"1030.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1030.04","end_time":"1030.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1030.29","end_time":"1030.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"necessary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1030.84","end_time":"1030.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.0","end_time":"1031.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.34","end_time":"1031.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.41","end_time":"1031.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.6","end_time":"1032.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"idea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1032.94","end_time":"1033.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1034.24","end_time":"1034.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.5","end_time":"1034.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1034.68","end_time":"1034.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.78","end_time":"1035.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1035.36","end_time":"1035.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1035.66","end_time":"1036.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1036.04","end_time":"1036.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mattering"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1036.62","end_time":"1036.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9629","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1037.78","end_time":"1037.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1037.98","end_time":"1038.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1038.28","end_time":"1038.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1038.79","end_time":"1039.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"squared"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1041.04","end_time":"1041.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.22","end_time":"1041.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.35","end_time":"1041.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.42","end_time":"1041.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"remove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.91","end_time":"1042.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1042.01","end_time":"1042.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1043.78","end_time":"1043.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1043.92","end_time":"1044.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"becomes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1044.38","end_time":"1044.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1044.63","end_time":"1045.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"squared"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1045.21","end_time":"1045.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1045.41","end_time":"1045.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1045.56","end_time":"1046.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1046.05","end_time":"1046.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1046.39","end_time":"1046.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8903","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1046.65","end_time":"1046.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1046.8","end_time":"1047.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"18"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.12","end_time":"1048.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1048.4","end_time":"1048.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.56","end_time":"1048.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.65","end_time":"1049.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"matters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1053.44","end_time":"1053.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7814","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1053.84","end_time":"1054.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1054.32","end_time":"1054.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.5","end_time":"1054.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"until"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.76","end_time":"1055.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1055.02","end_time":"1055.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3502","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1055.15","end_time":"1055.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1055.59","end_time":"1055.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1055.8","end_time":"1055.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1055.97","end_time":"1056.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.28","end_time":"1056.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.69","end_time":"1056.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.88","end_time":"1056.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.93","end_time":"1057.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1057.79","end_time":"1058.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9596","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1058.45","end_time":"1058.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Google"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1058.96","end_time":"1059.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9388","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.1","end_time":"1059.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.29","end_time":"1059.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1059.55","end_time":"1059.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.78","end_time":"1059.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.86","end_time":"1060.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.03","end_time":"1060.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"programs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.47","end_time":"1060.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8624","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.59","end_time":"1060.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.74","end_time":"1061.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1061.26","end_time":"1061.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1062.14","end_time":"1062.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.41","end_time":"1062.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.57","end_time":"1063.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.03","end_time":"1063.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.24","end_time":"1063.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.48","end_time":"1063.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.65","end_time":"1063.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.84","end_time":"1063.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.96","end_time":"1064.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6527","content":"dio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1064.64","end_time":"1065.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.09","end_time":"1065.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.43","end_time":"1065.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.9","end_time":"1066.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8577","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1066.03","end_time":"1066.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interesting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1067.05","end_time":"1067.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1067.27","end_time":"1067.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.38","end_time":"1067.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.45","end_time":"1067.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.6","end_time":"1067.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.79","end_time":"1068.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.13","end_time":"1068.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.53","end_time":"1068.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7894","content":"button"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.81","end_time":"1069.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1069.07","end_time":"1069.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9463","content":"N"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1069.28","end_time":"1069.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1069.6","end_time":"1069.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1069.73","end_time":"1069.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1069.78","end_time":"1070.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"graphing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1070.09","end_time":"1070.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1071.64","end_time":"1071.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6709","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.86","end_time":"1072.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1072.03","end_time":"1072.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"button"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1072.3","end_time":"1072.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1075.94","end_time":"1076.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1076.33","end_time":"1076.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.6","end_time":"1076.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.7","end_time":"1077.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grabs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.12","end_time":"1077.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.59","end_time":"1078.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"previous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.09","end_time":"1078.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.91","end_time":"1079.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1079.14","end_time":"1079.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1079.6","end_time":"1079.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.19","end_time":"1080.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.37","end_time":"1080.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.52","end_time":"1080.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.6","end_time":"1080.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.78","end_time":"1080.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.98","end_time":"1081.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.07","end_time":"1081.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.39","end_time":"1081.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.49","end_time":"1081.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.55","end_time":"1082.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1082.87","end_time":"1083.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1083.1","end_time":"1083.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.17","end_time":"1083.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.24","end_time":"1083.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6977","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.33","end_time":"1083.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6231","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.37","end_time":"1083.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.86","end_time":"1084.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.03","end_time":"1084.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.27","end_time":"1084.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.34","end_time":"1084.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"steps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1084.68","end_time":"1084.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.76","end_time":"1084.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8906","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.85","end_time":"1084.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.98","end_time":"1085.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1085.06","end_time":"1085.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1085.17","end_time":"1085.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"pieces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1086.13","end_time":"1086.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1086.38","end_time":"1086.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1086.46","end_time":"1086.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"previous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1086.84","end_time":"1087.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1087.24","end_time":"1087.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1087.35","end_time":"1087.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1087.51","end_time":"1087.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1087.9","end_time":"1088.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.09","end_time":"1088.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.21","end_time":"1088.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.33","end_time":"1088.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.55","end_time":"1088.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.78","end_time":"1089.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1089.2","end_time":"1089.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1089.42","end_time":"1089.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subtract"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1089.87","end_time":"1090.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1090.17","end_time":"1090.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1090.38","end_time":"1090.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1090.55","end_time":"1090.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9622","content":"Whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1091.35","end_time":"1091.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9133","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1092.7","end_time":"1092.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1092.94","end_time":"1093.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.03","end_time":"1093.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.24","end_time":"1093.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.81","end_time":"1094.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.34","end_time":"1094.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.81","end_time":"1095.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"handles"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1095.28","end_time":"1095.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1095.46","end_time":"1095.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1095.66","end_time":"1095.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1095.74","end_time":"1095.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1095.99","end_time":"1096.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1096.15","end_time":"1096.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keeping"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1096.61","end_time":"1096.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1096.92","end_time":"1097.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1097.01","end_time":"1097.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8631","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1097.1","end_time":"1097.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"previous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1097.6","end_time":"1098.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9737","content":"result"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.04","end_time":"1098.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.37","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.14","end_time":"1098.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"allowing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.51","end_time":"1098.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.61","end_time":"1098.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.69","end_time":"1098.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.89","end_time":"1098.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.98","end_time":"1099.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1099.73","end_time":"1099.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1099.97","end_time":"1100.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1100.14","end_time":"1101.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1101.51","end_time":"1101.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1101.8","end_time":"1102.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1102.61","end_time":"1102.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1102.8","end_time":"1103.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.07","end_time":"1103.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6762","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1103.47","end_time":"1103.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.74","end_time":"1103.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.84","end_time":"1103.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.94","end_time":"1104.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1104.95","end_time":"1105.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.13","end_time":"1105.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.2","end_time":"1105.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.59","end_time":"1105.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.7","end_time":"1105.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.78","end_time":"1106.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1106.48","end_time":"1106.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5024","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.55","end_time":"1106.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.76","end_time":"1106.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.84","end_time":"1106.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.94","end_time":"1107.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1107.1","end_time":"1107.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.28","end_time":"1107.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.33","end_time":"1107.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"designated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.99","end_time":"1108.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1108.94","end_time":"1109.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1109.42","end_time":"1109.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1109.67","end_time":"1110.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.14","end_time":"1110.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.32","end_time":"1110.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.42","end_time":"1110.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.57","end_time":"1110.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.65","end_time":"1111.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1111.83","end_time":"1111.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5591","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1111.89","end_time":"1112.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9448","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1112.06","end_time":"1112.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.26","end_time":"1112.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.4","end_time":"1112.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.84","end_time":"1112.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8899","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.99","end_time":"1113.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.13","end_time":"1113.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.35","end_time":"1114.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1114.64","end_time":"1114.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1114.88","end_time":"1114.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1114.97","end_time":"1115.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.45","end_time":"1115.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9637","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.59","end_time":"1115.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.78","end_time":"1116.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.09","end_time":"1116.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1116.75","end_time":"1116.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.92","end_time":"1117.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1117.05","end_time":"1117.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1117.21","end_time":"1117.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1117.32","end_time":"1117.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1117.62","end_time":"1117.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1117.74","end_time":"1118.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1118.31","end_time":"1118.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1118.43","end_time":"1118.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1118.5","end_time":"1118.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1118.64","end_time":"1118.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1118.72","end_time":"1119.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1119.35","end_time":"1119.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1119.55","end_time":"1119.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1119.91","end_time":"1119.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1119.99","end_time":"1120.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1120.28","end_time":"1120.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1121.51","end_time":"1121.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9316","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1122.34","end_time":"1122.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1122.55","end_time":"1122.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1122.62","end_time":"1122.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1122.75","end_time":"1122.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1122.84","end_time":"1122.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1122.99","end_time":"1123.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1123.17","end_time":"1123.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1123.29","end_time":"1123.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"making"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1123.59","end_time":"1123.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1123.64","end_time":"1124.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1124.07","end_time":"1124.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1124.3","end_time":"1124.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1125.0","end_time":"1125.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1125.29","end_time":"1125.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1125.99","end_time":"1126.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1127.54","end_time":"1127.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5806","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1127.83","end_time":"1128.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6402","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1128.01","end_time":"1128.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1128.18","end_time":"1128.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1128.52","end_time":"1129.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.2","end_time":"1129.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.37","end_time":"1129.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.47","end_time":"1129.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.57","end_time":"1129.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.74","end_time":"1129.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8483","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.83","end_time":"1130.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.1","end_time":"1131.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.49","end_time":"1131.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.7","end_time":"1131.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.86","end_time":"1132.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1132.32","end_time":"1132.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1132.51","end_time":"1132.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1132.79","end_time":"1133.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1133.42","end_time":"1133.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1133.53","end_time":"1134.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"meaning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1134.14","end_time":"1134.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1134.49","end_time":"1134.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1134.62","end_time":"1135.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1135.11","end_time":"1135.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1135.83","end_time":"1136.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3822","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1136.52","end_time":"1136.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3796","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1136.67","end_time":"1137.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1137.05","end_time":"1137.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1137.15","end_time":"1137.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1137.51","end_time":"1137.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1137.63","end_time":"1137.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1138.07","end_time":"1138.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1139.3","end_time":"1139.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1140.04","end_time":"1140.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.4","end_time":"1141.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.83","end_time":"1142.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1142.95","end_time":"1143.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.13","end_time":"1143.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.6","end_time":"1143.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.85","end_time":"1144.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9682","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.09","end_time":"1144.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1145.16","end_time":"1145.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.41","end_time":"1145.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.73","end_time":"1145.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.86","end_time":"1145.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.95","end_time":"1146.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1146.81","end_time":"1146.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8862","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1146.98","end_time":"1147.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.2","end_time":"1147.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.41","end_time":"1147.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.55","end_time":"1147.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.67","end_time":"1147.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.9","end_time":"1148.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1148.22","end_time":"1148.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1148.44","end_time":"1149.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9476","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1149.08","end_time":"1149.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1149.52","end_time":"1149.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9767","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1149.6","end_time":"1150.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"evaluates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1150.17","end_time":"1150.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1150.26","end_time":"1151.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1151.27","end_time":"1151.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1151.54","end_time":"1152.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6357","content":"saves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1152.26","end_time":"1152.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1152.6","end_time":"1153.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1153.17","end_time":"1153.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1153.36","end_time":"1153.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1153.93","end_time":"1154.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"Kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.16","end_time":"1154.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.22","end_time":"1154.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.39","end_time":"1154.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.49","end_time":"1154.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.84","end_time":"1155.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8156","content":"button"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1155.04","end_time":"1155.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8513","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1155.17","end_time":"1155.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1155.22","end_time":"1155.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1155.84","end_time":"1156.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9777","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1156.31","end_time":"1156.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.48","end_time":"1156.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7315","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.6","end_time":"1156.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.92","end_time":"1157.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1157.53","end_time":"1157.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9786","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1157.97","end_time":"1158.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1158.08","end_time":"1158.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1158.21","end_time":"1158.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1158.78","end_time":"1158.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1158.94","end_time":"1159.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1159.31","end_time":"1159.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1159.4","end_time":"1159.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quadratic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1159.95","end_time":"1160.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"formula"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.65","end_time":"1160.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.75","end_time":"1161.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.55","end_time":"1161.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.73","end_time":"1161.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.84","end_time":"1162.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.16","end_time":"1162.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.26","end_time":"1162.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.43","end_time":"1163.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9739","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1163.85","end_time":"1164.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1164.16","end_time":"1164.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1164.24","end_time":"1164.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1164.52","end_time":"1164.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1164.79","end_time":"1164.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1164.99","end_time":"1165.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.36","end_time":"1165.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.45","end_time":"1165.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.5","end_time":"1165.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.74","end_time":"1166.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1166.4","end_time":"1166.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.47","end_time":"1166.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.73","end_time":"1167.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.48","end_time":"1167.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.75","end_time":"1167.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.87","end_time":"1168.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1168.16","end_time":"1168.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1168.5","end_time":"1168.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1168.82","end_time":"1168.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1168.92","end_time":"1169.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.09","end_time":"1169.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.17","end_time":"1169.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.34","end_time":"1169.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.49","end_time":"1169.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"result"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.9","end_time":"1170.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.04","end_time":"1170.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.15","end_time":"1170.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quadratic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.71","end_time":"1171.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"formula"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1171.3","end_time":"1171.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9624","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1171.6","end_time":"1171.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9639","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.68","end_time":"1171.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.89","end_time":"1172.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"knows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.09","end_time":"1172.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.32","end_time":"1172.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.45","end_time":"1172.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.83","end_time":"1173.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"waas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1173.7","end_time":"1173.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9441","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1173.89","end_time":"1173.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1173.99","end_time":"1174.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.12","end_time":"1174.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.36","end_time":"1174.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.48","end_time":"1174.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.97","end_time":"1175.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1175.15","end_time":"1175.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8718","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1175.38","end_time":"1175.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"saved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1175.73","end_time":"1175.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"Not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1175.96","end_time":"1176.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1176.2","end_time":"1176.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1179.99","end_time":"1180.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1182.8","end_time":"1183.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1183.61","end_time":"1183.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1183.82","end_time":"1184.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.16","end_time":"1184.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.3","end_time":"1184.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.48","end_time":"1184.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1185.64","end_time":"1186.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1186.17","end_time":"1186.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8797","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1186.27","end_time":"1186.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9457","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1186.83","end_time":"1187.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1187.2","end_time":"1187.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1187.4","end_time":"1187.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1187.6","end_time":"1187.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9837","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1187.76","end_time":"1187.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5565","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1187.84","end_time":"1188.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1188.1","end_time":"1188.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7507","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1188.69","end_time":"1189.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"statements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1193.74","end_time":"1194.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1194.11","end_time":"1194.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1194.29","end_time":"1194.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1196.01","end_time":"1196.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7213","content":"Seems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.37","end_time":"1196.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.57","end_time":"1196.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.94","end_time":"1197.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1197.37","end_time":"1197.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1198.54","end_time":"1198.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1201.74","end_time":"1202.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.04","end_time":"1202.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.44","end_time":"1202.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.65","end_time":"1203.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1203.4","end_time":"1203.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1203.72","end_time":"1204.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.11","end_time":"1204.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.59","end_time":"1204.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.72","end_time":"1204.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.86","end_time":"1205.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1208.37","end_time":"1208.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.75","end_time":"1208.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.88","end_time":"1208.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.97","end_time":"1209.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.44","end_time":"1210.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.79","end_time":"1211.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.44","end_time":"1212.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1212.74","end_time":"1212.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5116","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1212.84","end_time":"1213.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9605","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1213.74","end_time":"1214.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1214.09","end_time":"1214.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1214.65","end_time":"1214.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1214.8","end_time":"1215.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.01","end_time":"1215.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.05","end_time":"1215.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.37","end_time":"1215.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.73","end_time":"1215.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.91","end_time":"1216.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1216.52","end_time":"1216.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8852","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1216.92","end_time":"1217.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.07","end_time":"1217.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.28","end_time":"1217.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.59","end_time":"1218.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1218.49","end_time":"1218.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1218.71","end_time":"1218.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1218.85","end_time":"1218.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1218.95","end_time":"1219.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1219.04","end_time":"1219.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1219.35","end_time":"1219.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1219.54","end_time":"1219.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1219.67","end_time":"1220.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"encountering"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1220.23","end_time":"1220.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.04","end_time":"1221.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.38","end_time":"1221.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"letters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1222.14","end_time":"1222.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"M"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.4","end_time":"1222.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Y"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.74","end_time":"1223.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"v"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.06","end_time":"1223.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.23","end_time":"1223.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"r"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.71","end_time":"1223.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"i"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.89","end_time":"1224.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1224.14","end_time":"1224.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"b"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1224.38","end_time":"1224.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"l"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1224.66","end_time":"1224.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"e"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1224.95","end_time":"1225.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7961","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1225.13","end_time":"1225.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7187","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1225.19","end_time":"1225.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1225.46","end_time":"1225.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1225.62","end_time":"1225.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1225.77","end_time":"1225.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1225.97","end_time":"1226.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1226.28","end_time":"1226.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1226.35","end_time":"1226.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1226.52","end_time":"1226.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1226.67","end_time":"1226.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1226.81","end_time":"1227.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.15","end_time":"1227.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1227.41","end_time":"1227.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.677","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.47","end_time":"1227.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8355","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.57","end_time":"1227.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.72","end_time":"1228.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.05","end_time":"1228.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.16","end_time":"1228.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.45","end_time":"1228.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9365","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1228.94","end_time":"1229.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.06","end_time":"1229.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.32","end_time":"1229.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.44","end_time":"1229.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.58","end_time":"1229.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.66","end_time":"1230.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1230.36","end_time":"1230.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1230.81","end_time":"1231.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1231.18","end_time":"1231.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.763","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1231.32","end_time":"1231.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9094","content":"sees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1231.56","end_time":"1232.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1232.07","end_time":"1232.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6866","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1232.19","end_time":"1232.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1233.08","end_time":"1233.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"interprets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1233.75","end_time":"1234.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.48","end_time":"1235.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.75","end_time":"1235.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.87","end_time":"1236.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1236.68","end_time":"1237.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1237.65","end_time":"1237.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1237.85","end_time":"1238.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1238.06","end_time":"1238.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1238.24","end_time":"1238.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1238.35","end_time":"1238.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1238.53","end_time":"1238.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1238.78","end_time":"1239.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.31","end_time":"1239.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.59","end_time":"1240.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9559","content":"aside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1240.03","end_time":"1240.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1241.05","end_time":"1241.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1241.65","end_time":"1241.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1241.93","end_time":"1242.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1242.23","end_time":"1242.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1242.44","end_time":"1242.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1242.54","end_time":"1242.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1242.68","end_time":"1242.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1242.85","end_time":"1243.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1243.15","end_time":"1243.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1243.33","end_time":"1243.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1243.55","end_time":"1244.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1244.85","end_time":"1245.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8171","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1245.22","end_time":"1245.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1245.42","end_time":"1245.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1245.76","end_time":"1246.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1246.31","end_time":"1246.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1246.69","end_time":"1246.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1246.88","end_time":"1247.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1247.04","end_time":"1247.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1247.12","end_time":"1247.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1247.32","end_time":"1247.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1247.4","end_time":"1247.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1247.59","end_time":"1247.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1247.94","end_time":"1248.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.1","end_time":"1248.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8803","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.33","end_time":"1248.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.63","end_time":"1248.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1248.95","end_time":"1249.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8824","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1249.04","end_time":"1249.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"evaluates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1249.54","end_time":"1249.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1249.7","end_time":"1249.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6164","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1249.79","end_time":"1250.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1250.62","end_time":"1250.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1250.78","end_time":"1250.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1250.87","end_time":"1251.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"puts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1251.17","end_time":"1251.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1251.66","end_time":"1251.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9394","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1253.91","end_time":"1254.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7888","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1255.34","end_time":"1255.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.61","end_time":"1255.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.77","end_time":"1255.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.87","end_time":"1256.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.01","end_time":"1256.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.28","end_time":"1256.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.44","end_time":"1256.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.82","end_time":"1257.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1257.29","end_time":"1257.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1257.47","end_time":"1257.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8609","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1257.56","end_time":"1257.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1257.87","end_time":"1258.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9517","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.3","end_time":"1258.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.67","end_time":"1258.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.86","end_time":"1258.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.99","end_time":"1259.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"previous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.44","end_time":"1259.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.73","end_time":"1259.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.9","end_time":"1260.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1261.71","end_time":"1262.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9275","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1263.63","end_time":"1263.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1263.76","end_time":"1263.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8665","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1263.91","end_time":"1264.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.19","end_time":"1265.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9511","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.51","end_time":"1265.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.6","end_time":"1265.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.84","end_time":"1265.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.94","end_time":"1266.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1266.06","end_time":"1266.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1267.82","end_time":"1268.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.0","end_time":"1268.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.09","end_time":"1268.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.18","end_time":"1268.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.48","end_time":"1268.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.64","end_time":"1268.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.9","end_time":"1269.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1269.11","end_time":"1269.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1269.18","end_time":"1269.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contains"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1270.62","end_time":"1270.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6586","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.69","end_time":"1270.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1270.87","end_time":"1271.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.0","end_time":"1271.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.22","end_time":"1271.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.29","end_time":"1271.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.44","end_time":"1271.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9797","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.65","end_time":"1272.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1272.47","end_time":"1272.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1272.85","end_time":"1273.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.34","end_time":"1273.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.73","end_time":"1274.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.11","end_time":"1274.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.28","end_time":"1274.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.38","end_time":"1275.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expected"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1275.43","end_time":"1275.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1275.56","end_time":"1275.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1275.66","end_time":"1275.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1275.95","end_time":"1276.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.15","end_time":"1276.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.22","end_time":"1276.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.41","end_time":"1276.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.53","end_time":"1276.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.62","end_time":"1277.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1277.2","end_time":"1277.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1277.29","end_time":"1277.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1277.83","end_time":"1277.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1277.92","end_time":"1278.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1278.51","end_time":"1278.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1278.62","end_time":"1278.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1278.81","end_time":"1279.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1279.26","end_time":"1279.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1279.4","end_time":"1279.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1283.64","end_time":"1284.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.05","end_time":"1284.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"typing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.4","end_time":"1284.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.49","end_time":"1284.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.78","end_time":"1284.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.89","end_time":"1284.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.99","end_time":"1285.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1287.74","end_time":"1288.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"displays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1288.31","end_time":"1288.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1288.45","end_time":"1289.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1289.74","end_time":"1290.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1297.74","end_time":"1298.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7903","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1298.54","end_time":"1299.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1299.1","end_time":"1299.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1299.29","end_time":"1299.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1299.42","end_time":"1299.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.64","end_time":"1300.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.95","end_time":"1301.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1301.13","end_time":"1301.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4951","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1301.23","end_time":"1301.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8069","content":"excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1301.65","end_time":"1301.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"My"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1301.85","end_time":"1302.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1302.39","end_time":"1302.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1302.9","end_time":"1303.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.17","end_time":"1303.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.55","end_time":"1304.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865999999999999","content":"40"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1304.49","end_time":"1304.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1304.69","end_time":"1304.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7488","content":"Go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1304.79","end_time":"1304.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7486","content":"ahead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1311.34","end_time":"1311.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1314.03","end_time":"1314.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1314.21","end_time":"1314.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1314.38","end_time":"1314.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"independently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1314.96","end_time":"1315.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.14","end_time":"1315.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.28","end_time":"1315.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.5","end_time":"1315.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1316.6","end_time":"1317.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.1","end_time":"1317.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1317.46","end_time":"1317.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"running"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.88","end_time":"1318.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5046","content":"Sell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1318.17","end_time":"1318.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"17"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1318.68","end_time":"1319.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.04","end_time":"1319.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.36","end_time":"1319.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4837","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.55","end_time":"1320.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1320.0","end_time":"1320.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1320.14","end_time":"1320.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1321.09","end_time":"1321.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1321.28","end_time":"1321.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"since"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1321.53","end_time":"1321.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3601","content":"sell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1321.71","end_time":"1322.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1322.15","end_time":"1322.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1322.62","end_time":"1323.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1323.43","end_time":"1323.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1323.69","end_time":"1323.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1323.82","end_time":"1323.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1323.9","end_time":"1324.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1324.12","end_time":"1324.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"sell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1324.33","end_time":"1325.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1325.49","end_time":"1325.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1325.76","end_time":"1326.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9628","content":"saved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1326.17","end_time":"1326.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1326.26","end_time":"1326.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1326.65","end_time":"1327.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1327.61","end_time":"1327.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1327.91","end_time":"1328.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.07","end_time":"1328.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1328.8","end_time":"1328.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.96","end_time":"1329.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1329.11","end_time":"1329.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1329.2","end_time":"1329.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1329.37","end_time":"1329.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1329.82","end_time":"1330.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9473","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1330.05","end_time":"1330.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1330.2","end_time":"1330.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1332.53","end_time":"1333.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1333.05","end_time":"1333.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1333.41","end_time":"1333.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7513","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.53","end_time":"1333.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.68","end_time":"1333.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.85","end_time":"1334.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9466","content":"separate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1334.23","end_time":"1334.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"programs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1334.76","end_time":"1335.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8422","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.02","end_time":"1335.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.43","end_time":"1335.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.57","end_time":"1335.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.77","end_time":"1336.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"build"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.04","end_time":"1336.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.12","end_time":"1336.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.25","end_time":"1336.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1336.75","end_time":"1337.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.12","end_time":"1337.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9502","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.26","end_time":"1337.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"independent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.78","end_time":"1337.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.87","end_time":"1337.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.95","end_time":"1338.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.23","end_time":"1338.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.65","end_time":"1339.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"running"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.03","end_time":"1339.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.517","content":"sell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.29","end_time":"1339.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"17"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.87","end_time":"1340.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9438","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1340.31","end_time":"1341.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9035","content":"rerun"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1341.1","end_time":"1341.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5442","content":"Sell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1341.32","end_time":"1341.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1342.07","end_time":"1342.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1343.54","end_time":"1344.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1344.26","end_time":"1344.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1344.5","end_time":"1344.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1344.66","end_time":"1344.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1344.81","end_time":"1345.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.03","end_time":"1345.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.37","end_time":"1345.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.5","end_time":"1345.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.64","end_time":"1345.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.94","end_time":"1346.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.743","content":"button"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1346.14","end_time":"1346.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1346.25","end_time":"1346.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1346.36","end_time":"1346.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1346.94","end_time":"1347.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1347.64","end_time":"1347.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1347.85","end_time":"1347.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1347.95","end_time":"1348.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1348.27","end_time":"1348.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9465","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1348.58","end_time":"1349.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.38","end_time":"1349.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.54","end_time":"1349.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.71","end_time":"1350.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1350.35","end_time":"1350.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7552","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.57","end_time":"1350.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.94","end_time":"1351.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1351.14","end_time":"1351.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1351.33","end_time":"1351.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1351.5","end_time":"1351.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1351.85","end_time":"1352.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"waas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1352.74","end_time":"1353.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8249","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1353.23","end_time":"1353.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.37","end_time":"1353.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.48","end_time":"1353.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.74","end_time":"1354.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.15","end_time":"1354.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.52","end_time":"1354.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1354.92","end_time":"1355.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6938","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1355.09","end_time":"1355.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1355.32","end_time":"1355.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1355.57","end_time":"1355.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1355.99","end_time":"1356.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.24","end_time":"1356.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.37","end_time":"1356.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.49","end_time":"1356.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.63","end_time":"1356.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.98","end_time":"1357.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7841","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1358.41","end_time":"1358.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.765","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1359.18","end_time":"1359.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.47","end_time":"1359.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.67","end_time":"1359.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.87","end_time":"1359.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.99","end_time":"1360.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.04","end_time":"1360.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1360.68","end_time":"1360.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.77","end_time":"1360.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.99","end_time":"1361.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"update"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.97","end_time":"1362.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1362.13","end_time":"1362.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1362.6","end_time":"1362.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1362.72","end_time":"1363.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9692","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.19","end_time":"1363.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.32","end_time":"1363.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.58","end_time":"1363.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.64","end_time":"1363.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.96","end_time":"1364.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1365.13","end_time":"1365.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1366.33","end_time":"1366.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1366.74","end_time":"1366.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1366.84","end_time":"1367.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.0","end_time":"1367.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"update"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.39","end_time":"1367.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.5","end_time":"1367.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.94","end_time":"1368.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.11","end_time":"1368.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.33","end_time":"1368.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.82","end_time":"1369.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1369.14","end_time":"1369.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1369.5","end_time":"1369.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1369.55","end_time":"1369.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1369.86","end_time":"1370.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1371.19","end_time":"1371.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1371.45","end_time":"1371.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1371.99","end_time":"1372.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1372.37","end_time":"1372.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9061","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1372.95","end_time":"1373.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1373.27","end_time":"1373.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.51","end_time":"1373.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.62","end_time":"1373.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6702","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.74","end_time":"1373.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6702","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1373.82","end_time":"1374.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5793","content":"D'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"!"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1374.47","end_time":"1374.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.7","end_time":"1374.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6397","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.84","end_time":"1374.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6397","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.9","end_time":"1375.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.17","end_time":"1375.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.24","end_time":"1375.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.66","end_time":"1375.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.82","end_time":"1376.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.22","end_time":"1376.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.53","end_time":"1376.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9683","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.75","end_time":"1377.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1377.7","end_time":"1377.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1377.87","end_time":"1378.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1378.04","end_time":"1378.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1378.42","end_time":"1378.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1378.66","end_time":"1378.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1378.73","end_time":"1379.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.04","end_time":"1379.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4999","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.15","end_time":"1379.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.43","end_time":"1379.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.69","end_time":"1379.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.92","end_time":"1380.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1380.42","end_time":"1380.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.58","end_time":"1380.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.69","end_time":"1380.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.86","end_time":"1381.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6434","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.02","end_time":"1381.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.18","end_time":"1381.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.23","end_time":"1381.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.44","end_time":"1381.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1381.6","end_time":"1381.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.73","end_time":"1381.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6628","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.85","end_time":"1381.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6638","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.91","end_time":"1382.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.06","end_time":"1382.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.15","end_time":"1382.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.54","end_time":"1382.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1383.65","end_time":"1383.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1384.17","end_time":"1384.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1384.39","end_time":"1384.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1384.56","end_time":"1385.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.0","end_time":"1385.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.19","end_time":"1385.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9656","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.36","end_time":"1385.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.72","end_time":"1385.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.83","end_time":"1386.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.25","end_time":"1386.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7308","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.45","end_time":"1386.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"stored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.84","end_time":"1387.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1387.45","end_time":"1387.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.66","end_time":"1387.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.76","end_time":"1387.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.99","end_time":"1388.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1388.07","end_time":"1388.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1388.48","end_time":"1389.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1389.1","end_time":"1389.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.39","end_time":"1389.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.45","end_time":"1389.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9189","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.62","end_time":"1389.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.75","end_time":"1390.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1390.12","end_time":"1390.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8375","content":"Two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1390.36","end_time":"1390.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1390.73","end_time":"1391.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1391.34","end_time":"1391.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1391.81","end_time":"1392.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9209","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1392.0","end_time":"1392.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9212","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1392.25","end_time":"1393.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"replaces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1393.48","end_time":"1393.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1393.66","end_time":"1394.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1395.52","end_time":"1395.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1395.91","end_time":"1396.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1398.34","end_time":"1398.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1398.63","end_time":"1398.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1398.91","end_time":"1399.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1399.1","end_time":"1399.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1399.29","end_time":"1400.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"replaced"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1400.17","end_time":"1400.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1400.36","end_time":"1400.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1400.58","end_time":"1400.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1400.77","end_time":"1400.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1400.97","end_time":"1401.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1401.08","end_time":"1401.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figuring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1401.49","end_time":"1401.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1401.63","end_time":"1401.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1401.78","end_time":"1401.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1401.86","end_time":"1402.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1402.17","end_time":"1402.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1402.24","end_time":"1402.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1403.17","end_time":"1403.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1403.53","end_time":"1403.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1403.79","end_time":"1404.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1404.11","end_time":"1404.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"spot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1404.56","end_time":"1404.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1404.82","end_time":"1405.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1405.3","end_time":"1405.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1405.44","end_time":"1405.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1405.62","end_time":"1405.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keeping"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1405.91","end_time":"1406.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1406.18","end_time":"1406.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1406.26","end_time":"1406.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1406.43","end_time":"1406.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"history"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1407.74","end_time":"1408.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9756","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1408.9","end_time":"1409.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1409.17","end_time":"1409.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1409.45","end_time":"1409.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1409.61","end_time":"1410.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1412.24","end_time":"1412.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1412.5","end_time":"1412.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1412.57","end_time":"1413.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8616","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1413.01","end_time":"1413.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1413.12","end_time":"1413.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1413.26","end_time":"1413.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1413.72","end_time":"1414.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1415.7","end_time":"1415.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1415.87","end_time":"1416.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1416.06","end_time":"1416.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1416.95","end_time":"1417.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1417.72","end_time":"1417.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1417.9","end_time":"1418.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1418.02","end_time":"1418.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1418.62","end_time":"1418.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1418.87","end_time":"1419.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1419.08","end_time":"1419.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1419.64","end_time":"1419.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1419.8","end_time":"1420.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"setting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1420.1","end_time":"1420.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1420.24","end_time":"1420.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1420.62","end_time":"1420.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4665","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1420.72","end_time":"1421.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1421.74","end_time":"1421.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1421.94","end_time":"1422.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1422.38","end_time":"1422.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1422.52","end_time":"1422.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1422.66","end_time":"1423.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1423.73","end_time":"1423.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"Its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1423.95","end_time":"1424.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.02","end_time":"1425.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"setting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.32","end_time":"1425.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.48","end_time":"1425.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.89","end_time":"1426.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8372","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1426.01","end_time":"1426.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1426.45","end_time":"1426.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1426.59","end_time":"1426.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1426.93","end_time":"1427.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.04","end_time":"1427.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.17","end_time":"1427.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1427.68","end_time":"1427.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9567","content":"Its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.89","end_time":"1428.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1429.64","end_time":"1429.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1437.94","end_time":"1438.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1438.22","end_time":"1438.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.39","end_time":"1438.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.51","end_time":"1438.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.56","end_time":"1438.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.71","end_time":"1439.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1439.43","end_time":"1439.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1439.78","end_time":"1440.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1440.03","end_time":"1440.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"running"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1440.91","end_time":"1441.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8032","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1441.2","end_time":"1441.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"20"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1442.94","end_time":"1443.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7766","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1443.2","end_time":"1443.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1443.3","end_time":"1443.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1443.52","end_time":"1443.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1443.85","end_time":"1444.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.793","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.34","end_time":"1444.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9635","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.54","end_time":"1444.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.79","end_time":"1445.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1445.54","end_time":"1445.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.76","end_time":"1445.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.84","end_time":"1445.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7349","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.96","end_time":"1446.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7349","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.02","end_time":"1446.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"skip"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.39","end_time":"1446.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1446.71","end_time":"1447.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8832","content":"Skip"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1447.1","end_time":"1447.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1447.5","end_time":"1447.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"Run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1447.86","end_time":"1448.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1449.81","end_time":"1450.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.05","end_time":"1450.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.16","end_time":"1450.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9496","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.36","end_time":"1450.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"print"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1451.94","end_time":"1452.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"Five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1452.55","end_time":"1452.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1452.79","end_time":"1453.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.06","end_time":"1453.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.27","end_time":"1453.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.37","end_time":"1453.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.53","end_time":"1453.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.84","end_time":"1453.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.97","end_time":"1454.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1454.14","end_time":"1454.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1454.29","end_time":"1454.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1455.07","end_time":"1455.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.25","end_time":"1455.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.4","end_time":"1455.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.53","end_time":"1455.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.63","end_time":"1456.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1456.12","end_time":"1457.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"illustration"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.02","end_time":"1457.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.23","end_time":"1457.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.47","end_time":"1457.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.63","end_time":"1457.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.78","end_time":"1457.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.85","end_time":"1458.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.05","end_time":"1458.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6948","content":"yourselves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.51","end_time":"1458.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.62","end_time":"1459.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1459.63","end_time":"1459.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1459.98","end_time":"1460.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9565","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1460.18","end_time":"1460.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1460.36","end_time":"1460.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1461.01","end_time":"1461.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1461.48","end_time":"1461.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1461.64","end_time":"1462.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.44","end_time":"1462.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9811","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1462.78","end_time":"1462.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.93","end_time":"1463.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.18","end_time":"1463.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.14","end_time":"1464.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assuming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.64","end_time":"1464.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.8","end_time":"1464.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.91","end_time":"1465.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ran"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.11","end_time":"1465.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.47","end_time":"1465.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.57","end_time":"1466.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1466.43","end_time":"1466.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1466.66","end_time":"1466.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1466.87","end_time":"1467.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1467.28","end_time":"1467.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1467.55","end_time":"1468.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1468.15","end_time":"1468.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9707","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1468.48","end_time":"1468.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"printing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1468.85","end_time":"1469.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1469.16","end_time":"1469.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1469.28","end_time":"1469.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1469.4","end_time":"1469.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"supposed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1469.7","end_time":"1469.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1469.76","end_time":"1469.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1469.86","end_time":"1470.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"printing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1470.22","end_time":"1470.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1470.58","end_time":"1470.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1470.72","end_time":"1470.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1470.84","end_time":"1471.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.1","end_time":"1471.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"potentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.64","end_time":"1471.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.84","end_time":"1472.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confusing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1472.94","end_time":"1473.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9331","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1473.99","end_time":"1474.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.17","end_time":"1474.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.25","end_time":"1474.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.35","end_time":"1474.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.49","end_time":"1474.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.83","end_time":"1474.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.93","end_time":"1475.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.31","end_time":"1475.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1476.1","end_time":"1476.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1476.4","end_time":"1476.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1476.62","end_time":"1477.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.01","end_time":"1477.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.12","end_time":"1477.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.24","end_time":"1477.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consistent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.79","end_time":"1477.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.92","end_time":"1478.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1478.07","end_time":"1478.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1478.17","end_time":"1478.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1479.64","end_time":"1479.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1479.81","end_time":"1479.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1479.92","end_time":"1480.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1480.04","end_time":"1480.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1483.44","end_time":"1483.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1483.98","end_time":"1484.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.32","end_time":"1484.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.54","end_time":"1484.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.59","end_time":"1484.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.86","end_time":"1484.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.95","end_time":"1485.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.25","end_time":"1485.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1486.44","end_time":"1486.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1486.79","end_time":"1486.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1486.91","end_time":"1487.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1487.01","end_time":"1487.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tryingto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.16","end_time":"1488.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8269","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.36","end_time":"1488.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8191","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1488.51","end_time":"1489.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.13","end_time":"1489.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.27","end_time":"1489.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.64","end_time":"1492.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.87","end_time":"1493.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1493.15","end_time":"1493.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1493.25","end_time":"1493.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1493.69","end_time":"1494.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9515","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1494.05","end_time":"1494.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.19","end_time":"1494.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8019","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.37","end_time":"1494.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.58","end_time":"1494.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.92","end_time":"1495.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"typing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1495.5","end_time":"1495.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1495.66","end_time":"1495.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1495.87","end_time":"1496.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1496.13","end_time":"1496.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"tab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1498.3","end_time":"1498.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1498.54","end_time":"1498.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1498.89","end_time":"1499.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1499.35","end_time":"1499.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Especially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1499.79","end_time":"1499.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1499.88","end_time":"1499.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1499.99","end_time":"1500.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1500.17","end_time":"1500.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1500.23","end_time":"1500.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1500.57","end_time":"1500.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.15","end_time":"1501.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.64","end_time":"1502.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9188","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1503.62","end_time":"1503.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1503.77","end_time":"1503.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1503.97","end_time":"1504.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.35","end_time":"1504.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.8","end_time":"1504.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.95","end_time":"1505.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.04","end_time":"1505.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.45","end_time":"1505.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1506.01","end_time":"1506.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1507.83","end_time":"1508.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9424","content":"Tab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1508.32","end_time":"1508.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1509.42","end_time":"1509.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8676","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1509.62","end_time":"1509.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1509.76","end_time":"1510.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"auto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1510.01","end_time":"1510.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"complete"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1512.64","end_time":"1513.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7896","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1513.1","end_time":"1513.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1513.34","end_time":"1513.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1513.53","end_time":"1513.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7775","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1513.93","end_time":"1514.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6727","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1514.06","end_time":"1514.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1514.99","end_time":"1515.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1515.2","end_time":"1515.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9131","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1515.46","end_time":"1516.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"doubling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.01","end_time":"1516.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.12","end_time":"1516.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.43","end_time":"1516.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.55","end_time":"1516.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.74","end_time":"1517.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1517.53","end_time":"1517.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.78","end_time":"1517.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.87","end_time":"1518.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1518.11","end_time":"1518.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1518.32","end_time":"1518.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9524","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1518.44","end_time":"1518.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1518.84","end_time":"1518.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1518.96","end_time":"1519.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.03","end_time":"1519.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.15","end_time":"1519.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.3","end_time":"1519.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.39","end_time":"1519.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.86","end_time":"1519.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.97","end_time":"1520.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1520.1","end_time":"1520.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1522.34","end_time":"1522.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1522.59","end_time":"1522.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1522.71","end_time":"1522.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1522.78","end_time":"1522.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1522.96","end_time":"1523.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1524.34","end_time":"1524.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"Who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1533.9","end_time":"1534.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1534.02","end_time":"1534.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9643","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1534.18","end_time":"1534.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"move"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1534.39","end_time":"1534.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1536.93","end_time":"1537.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7896","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1537.17","end_time":"1537.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.32","end_time":"1537.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.51","end_time":"1537.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.95","end_time":"1538.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1538.11","end_time":"1538.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1542.24","end_time":"1542.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1542.43","end_time":"1542.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1542.56","end_time":"1542.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1542.62","end_time":"1543.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9153","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.12","end_time":"1543.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.28","end_time":"1543.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.36","end_time":"1543.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.45","end_time":"1543.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.87","end_time":"1543.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.96","end_time":"1544.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1546.51","end_time":"1546.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1546.68","end_time":"1547.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.02","end_time":"1547.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.43","end_time":"1548.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1554.24","end_time":"1554.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1554.54","end_time":"1554.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1554.63","end_time":"1554.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1554.86","end_time":"1554.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1554.96","end_time":"1555.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"correction"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1555.73","end_time":"1555.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9682","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1555.88","end_time":"1555.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.389","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1555.97","end_time":"1556.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4814","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.0","end_time":"1556.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.22","end_time":"1556.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.3","end_time":"1556.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.43","end_time":"1556.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.51","end_time":"1556.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fix"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.74","end_time":"1557.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1557.0","end_time":"1557.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1557.23","end_time":"1557.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1560.3","end_time":"1560.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1562.24","end_time":"1562.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1562.57","end_time":"1562.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1565.78","end_time":"1566.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1566.02","end_time":"1566.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1566.16","end_time":"1566.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1566.4","end_time":"1566.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6307","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1566.45","end_time":"1566.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6307","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1566.56","end_time":"1567.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1567.47","end_time":"1567.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1568.64","end_time":"1569.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1569.49","end_time":"1569.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5965","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1569.85","end_time":"1570.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1570.01","end_time":"1570.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1570.11","end_time":"1570.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1571.32","end_time":"1571.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1571.63","end_time":"1571.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.77","end_time":"1571.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.99","end_time":"1572.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1573.05","end_time":"1573.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1573.44","end_time":"1573.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1573.83","end_time":"1574.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1574.0","end_time":"1574.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1574.06","end_time":"1574.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1574.77","end_time":"1574.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1574.93","end_time":"1575.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1575.33","end_time":"1575.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.48","end_time":"1575.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.54","end_time":"1575.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.65","end_time":"1575.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.9","end_time":"1576.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.05","end_time":"1576.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.12","end_time":"1576.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.63","end_time":"1576.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.84","end_time":"1577.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.16","end_time":"1577.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.3","end_time":"1577.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8065","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.68","end_time":"1577.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.8","end_time":"1577.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.88","end_time":"1578.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1578.22","end_time":"1578.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1578.68","end_time":"1578.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1578.85","end_time":"1578.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1578.91","end_time":"1579.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.23","end_time":"1579.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"save"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.55","end_time":"1579.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.81","end_time":"1580.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9873","content":"anyway"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.58","end_time":"1580.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.94","end_time":"1581.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.03","end_time":"1581.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8637","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.36","end_time":"1581.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.46","end_time":"1581.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.54","end_time":"1581.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.62","end_time":"1581.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.75","end_time":"1582.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1582.46","end_time":"1582.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1583.28","end_time":"1583.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1583.98","end_time":"1584.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1585.38","end_time":"1585.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1585.6","end_time":"1586.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1586.14","end_time":"1586.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1586.33","end_time":"1586.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1586.57","end_time":"1586.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.896","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1586.68","end_time":"1587.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1588.64","end_time":"1588.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1588.84","end_time":"1588.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1588.89","end_time":"1589.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.45","end_time":"1589.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.57","end_time":"1589.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.85","end_time":"1590.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.15","end_time":"1590.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.36","end_time":"1590.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.73","end_time":"1590.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.85","end_time":"1591.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.2","end_time":"1591.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1591.62","end_time":"1591.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.8","end_time":"1591.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.89","end_time":"1592.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1592.18","end_time":"1592.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1592.41","end_time":"1592.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1592.62","end_time":"1592.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1592.75","end_time":"1593.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"showed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1593.0","end_time":"1593.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1593.11","end_time":"1593.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1593.24","end_time":"1593.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1593.66","end_time":"1593.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1593.94","end_time":"1594.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9728","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1594.17","end_time":"1594.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1594.26","end_time":"1594.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1594.41","end_time":"1594.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1594.75","end_time":"1594.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9289","content":"Still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1594.95","end_time":"1595.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1595.96","end_time":"1596.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1596.19","end_time":"1596.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.27","end_time":"1596.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.38","end_time":"1596.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.49","end_time":"1596.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8619","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.7","end_time":"1596.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.76","end_time":"1597.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"update"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1597.06","end_time":"1597.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1597.19","end_time":"1597.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1598.64","end_time":"1598.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1598.88","end_time":"1599.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1599.14","end_time":"1599.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1599.24","end_time":"1599.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1599.51","end_time":"1599.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1601.03","end_time":"1601.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1601.32","end_time":"1601.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1601.59","end_time":"1602.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"result"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1602.53","end_time":"1602.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1602.73","end_time":"1602.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1602.89","end_time":"1603.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1603.52","end_time":"1603.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1604.63","end_time":"1604.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1604.88","end_time":"1605.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1605.53","end_time":"1605.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1607.38","end_time":"1607.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9682","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.18","end_time":"1609.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.4","end_time":"1610.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1613.49","end_time":"1613.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.63","end_time":"1613.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8817","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.8","end_time":"1614.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1615.1","end_time":"1615.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1615.59","end_time":"1615.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1615.67","end_time":"1615.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1615.87","end_time":"1616.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9873","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1616.52","end_time":"1616.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1616.79","end_time":"1617.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1617.15","end_time":"1617.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1618.28","end_time":"1618.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1618.98","end_time":"1619.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1619.24","end_time":"1619.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1619.95","end_time":"1620.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.14","end_time":"1620.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.67","end_time":"1621.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1621.05","end_time":"1621.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6471","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1621.17","end_time":"1621.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1622.04","end_time":"1622.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1622.44","end_time":"1622.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1622.72","end_time":"1622.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1622.96","end_time":"1623.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.07","end_time":"1623.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.19","end_time":"1623.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.79","end_time":"1623.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.93","end_time":"1624.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.03","end_time":"1624.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.74","end_time":"1626.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.92","end_time":"1627.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8372","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.16","end_time":"1627.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.4","end_time":"1628.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1628.52","end_time":"1628.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9254","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1628.82","end_time":"1629.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.01","end_time":"1629.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.12","end_time":"1629.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9719","content":"assign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.53","end_time":"1629.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.74","end_time":"1630.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1630.32","end_time":"1630.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1630.48","end_time":"1630.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1630.61","end_time":"1631.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.07","end_time":"1631.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.3","end_time":"1631.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.43","end_time":"1631.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.5","end_time":"1631.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1634.34","end_time":"1634.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.66","end_time":"1634.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.84","end_time":"1635.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1635.15","end_time":"1635.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1637.71","end_time":"1637.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1637.87","end_time":"1638.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.08","end_time":"1638.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"points"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.38","end_time":"1638.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.58","end_time":"1638.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.94","end_time":"1639.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1639.63","end_time":"1640.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1640.52","end_time":"1641.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1641.23","end_time":"1641.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1641.54","end_time":"1641.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1641.95","end_time":"1642.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1642.13","end_time":"1642.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1642.27","end_time":"1642.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1642.62","end_time":"1642.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1642.94","end_time":"1643.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1643.1","end_time":"1643.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1643.42","end_time":"1643.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1644.14","end_time":"1644.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9695","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1644.41","end_time":"1645.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Mathematically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1645.45","end_time":"1645.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1645.62","end_time":"1645.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1645.76","end_time":"1645.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1645.9","end_time":"1646.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1646.08","end_time":"1646.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1646.26","end_time":"1646.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1646.41","end_time":"1646.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1646.84","end_time":"1647.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1648.04","end_time":"1648.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1648.76","end_time":"1648.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1648.93","end_time":"1649.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1649.21","end_time":"1649.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1649.39","end_time":"1649.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1649.79","end_time":"1650.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"My"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.01","end_time":"1650.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.53","end_time":"1650.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.91","end_time":"1651.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1651.11","end_time":"1651.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1651.52","end_time":"1651.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9112","content":"Times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1651.87","end_time":"1652.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4247","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1652.07","end_time":"1652.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1652.26","end_time":"1652.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1652.42","end_time":"1652.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1652.71","end_time":"1653.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1653.0","end_time":"1653.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1653.35","end_time":"1653.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1653.6","end_time":"1653.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1653.97","end_time":"1654.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6034","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1655.16","end_time":"1655.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9689","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1655.48","end_time":"1655.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1655.62","end_time":"1655.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1655.93","end_time":"1656.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"solution"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.49","end_time":"1656.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.7","end_time":"1657.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1657.07","end_time":"1657.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1665.74","end_time":"1666.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9449","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1666.22","end_time":"1666.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1667.09","end_time":"1667.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1667.28","end_time":"1667.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1667.69","end_time":"1667.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1667.87","end_time":"1668.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1668.81","end_time":"1669.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1669.76","end_time":"1670.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1670.12","end_time":"1670.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1670.26","end_time":"1670.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1670.87","end_time":"1671.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1671.28","end_time":"1671.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1671.41","end_time":"1671.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1671.72","end_time":"1671.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1671.99","end_time":"1672.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9655","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1672.11","end_time":"1672.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1672.43","end_time":"1672.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1672.6","end_time":"1672.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1672.99","end_time":"1673.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.28","end_time":"1673.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.41","end_time":"1673.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.5","end_time":"1673.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.81","end_time":"1673.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.92","end_time":"1674.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.16","end_time":"1674.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.27","end_time":"1674.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.38","end_time":"1674.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.62","end_time":"1674.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.73","end_time":"1674.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.83","end_time":"1675.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1675.6","end_time":"1675.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1675.8","end_time":"1676.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1676.06","end_time":"1676.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1676.19","end_time":"1676.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1676.52","end_time":"1676.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1676.91","end_time":"1677.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1677.18","end_time":"1677.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1677.28","end_time":"1677.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1678.3","end_time":"1678.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1679.27","end_time":"1679.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1679.4","end_time":"1679.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1679.63","end_time":"1679.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1679.72","end_time":"1680.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1680.18","end_time":"1680.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"choice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1680.56","end_time":"1680.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1680.67","end_time":"1681.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9733","content":"symbol"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1685.84","end_time":"1685.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3555","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1685.93","end_time":"1686.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.19","end_time":"1686.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.41","end_time":"1686.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.69","end_time":"1686.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.9","end_time":"1686.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.97","end_time":"1687.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1687.37","end_time":"1687.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9391","content":"arrow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1690.82","end_time":"1691.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.02","end_time":"1691.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.17","end_time":"1691.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.26","end_time":"1691.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.4","end_time":"1691.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.63","end_time":"1692.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1692.51","end_time":"1692.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1692.82","end_time":"1693.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1698.44","end_time":"1698.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.69","end_time":"1698.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.9","end_time":"1699.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.41","end_time":"1699.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.714","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1699.8","end_time":"1700.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"Something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.12","end_time":"1700.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.22","end_time":"1700.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.45","end_time":"1700.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"placed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.86","end_time":"1701.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1701.15","end_time":"1701.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1701.6","end_time":"1701.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1702.55","end_time":"1702.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1702.68","end_time":"1702.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1702.77","end_time":"1703.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.01","end_time":"1703.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.2","end_time":"1703.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.45","end_time":"1703.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"placed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.81","end_time":"1704.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1704.06","end_time":"1704.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9065","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1704.22","end_time":"1704.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1704.41","end_time":"1704.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1704.59","end_time":"1705.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1705.11","end_time":"1705.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9765","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1705.46","end_time":"1705.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5818","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1708.94","end_time":"1709.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.41","end_time":"1709.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.65","end_time":"1709.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.79","end_time":"1710.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.21","end_time":"1710.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.41","end_time":"1710.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"statements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.89","end_time":"1711.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8363","content":"allowed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1711.79","end_time":"1711.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1711.9","end_time":"1712.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.17","end_time":"1712.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.6","end_time":"1712.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.81","end_time":"1713.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.38","end_time":"1713.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.98","end_time":"1714.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1714.16","end_time":"1714.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1714.58","end_time":"1714.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9017","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1714.92","end_time":"1715.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4594","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1715.61","end_time":"1715.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.77","end_time":"1716.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.61","end_time":"1716.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.85","end_time":"1717.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1717.7","end_time":"1718.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1718.49","end_time":"1718.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1718.77","end_time":"1719.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1719.28","end_time":"1719.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9768","content":"Times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1719.65","end_time":"1719.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5822","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1720.71","end_time":"1720.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1720.81","end_time":"1721.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.846","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1721.04","end_time":"1721.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1721.14","end_time":"1721.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1721.39","end_time":"1721.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1722.85","end_time":"1723.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1723.13","end_time":"1723.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"describe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1723.64","end_time":"1723.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1723.84","end_time":"1724.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happening"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1724.58","end_time":"1724.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1724.97","end_time":"1725.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1725.67","end_time":"1725.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1725.88","end_time":"1726.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1726.23","end_time":"1726.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1726.36","end_time":"1726.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1726.72","end_time":"1726.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1726.88","end_time":"1727.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1727.08","end_time":"1727.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assigned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1727.53","end_time":"1727.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1727.75","end_time":"1728.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1728.84","end_time":"1729.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.09","end_time":"1729.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.31","end_time":"1729.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.42","end_time":"1729.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.63","end_time":"1729.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.72","end_time":"1729.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.83","end_time":"1730.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1730.05","end_time":"1730.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1730.37","end_time":"1730.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1730.95","end_time":"1731.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.38","end_time":"1731.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.83","end_time":"1731.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.9","end_time":"1732.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1732.18","end_time":"1732.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1732.25","end_time":"1732.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1738.39","end_time":"1738.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1738.6","end_time":"1739.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1740.24","end_time":"1740.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1740.38","end_time":"1740.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1740.57","end_time":"1741.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"examples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1742.14","end_time":"1742.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7897","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1743.12","end_time":"1743.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1743.5","end_time":"1743.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1743.85","end_time":"1744.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1744.0","end_time":"1744.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1744.1","end_time":"1744.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1744.18","end_time":"1744.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1744.46","end_time":"1745.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1745.21","end_time":"1745.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mistakes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1746.41","end_time":"1746.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1746.59","end_time":"1746.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1746.72","end_time":"1746.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1746.96","end_time":"1747.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1747.06","end_time":"1747.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1747.22","end_time":"1747.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1747.72","end_time":"1748.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1748.74","end_time":"1749.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1749.08","end_time":"1749.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1749.94","end_time":"1750.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1750.67","end_time":"1750.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1750.87","end_time":"1751.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1753.05","end_time":"1753.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wanting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.54","end_time":"1753.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.64","end_time":"1753.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.94","end_time":"1754.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1754.02","end_time":"1754.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1754.46","end_time":"1754.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1754.57","end_time":"1754.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1754.67","end_time":"1755.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1755.7","end_time":"1755.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1755.88","end_time":"1756.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.14","end_time":"1756.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.51","end_time":"1756.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.62","end_time":"1756.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.91","end_time":"1756.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.99","end_time":"1757.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.1","end_time":"1757.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.61","end_time":"1758.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1758.16","end_time":"1758.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.37","end_time":"1758.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.53","end_time":"1758.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9464","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.63","end_time":"1758.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.96","end_time":"1759.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1759.6","end_time":"1759.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1759.9","end_time":"1760.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1760.48","end_time":"1760.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1760.65","end_time":"1761.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1761.13","end_time":"1761.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"printing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1761.54","end_time":"1761.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8656","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1761.71","end_time":"1762.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"throwing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1762.0","end_time":"1762.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1762.08","end_time":"1762.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1762.7","end_time":"1762.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1762.93","end_time":"1763.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1763.03","end_time":"1763.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"underlying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1763.54","end_time":"1763.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1763.94","end_time":"1764.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1764.24","end_time":"1764.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1764.39","end_time":"1764.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1765.38","end_time":"1765.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5409","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1765.44","end_time":"1765.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9485","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1765.61","end_time":"1765.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1765.72","end_time":"1765.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1765.92","end_time":"1766.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1766.01","end_time":"1766.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1766.05","end_time":"1766.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1766.25","end_time":"1766.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"originally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1767.12","end_time":"1767.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1767.24","end_time":"1767.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1767.51","end_time":"1767.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1767.69","end_time":"1767.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1767.86","end_time":"1768.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1768.27","end_time":"1768.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1768.6","end_time":"1769.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5918","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1769.54","end_time":"1769.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1769.9","end_time":"1769.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7472","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1769.98","end_time":"1770.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.27","end_time":"1770.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9747","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.45","end_time":"1770.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.81","end_time":"1771.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.0","end_time":"1771.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.48","end_time":"1771.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.82","end_time":"1771.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.94","end_time":"1772.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1772.11","end_time":"1772.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1775.94","end_time":"1776.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1776.27","end_time":"1776.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1776.37","end_time":"1776.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1776.58","end_time":"1776.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1776.65","end_time":"1777.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"shorthand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1777.18","end_time":"1777.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.31","end_time":"1777.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.49","end_time":"1777.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.56","end_time":"1777.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.79","end_time":"1777.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1777.99","end_time":"1778.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.09","end_time":"1778.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.32","end_time":"1778.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.45","end_time":"1778.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.6","end_time":"1778.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.69","end_time":"1778.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.84","end_time":"1779.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1779.59","end_time":"1779.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8434","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1779.77","end_time":"1779.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1779.98","end_time":"1780.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1780.46","end_time":"1780.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1788.8","end_time":"1789.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7889","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1790.86","end_time":"1791.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.18","end_time":"1791.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.35","end_time":"1791.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.49","end_time":"1791.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.6","end_time":"1791.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.95","end_time":"1792.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1792.55","end_time":"1792.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1792.76","end_time":"1793.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"illustrates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1793.3","end_time":"1793.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1793.63","end_time":"1794.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1794.02","end_time":"1794.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1794.53","end_time":"1794.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1794.73","end_time":"1794.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1794.99","end_time":"1795.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1795.08","end_time":"1795.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1795.2","end_time":"1795.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1795.51","end_time":"1795.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1795.87","end_time":"1796.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.0","end_time":"1796.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.54","end_time":"1796.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6681","content":"versus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.9","end_time":"1797.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7985","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1797.03","end_time":"1797.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1798.14","end_time":"1798.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1799.44","end_time":"1799.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1799.64","end_time":"1799.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1799.79","end_time":"1799.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5661","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1799.89","end_time":"1800.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5639","content":"signing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1800.26","end_time":"1800.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5141","content":"x"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1800.57","end_time":"1801.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.50205","content":"22"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.29","end_time":"1801.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.48","end_time":"1801.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8475","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.6","end_time":"1801.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5286","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.69","end_time":"1802.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5258","content":"signing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.14","end_time":"1802.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5968","content":"wide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.48","end_time":"1802.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3486","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.59","end_time":"1802.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1802.91","end_time":"1803.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"More"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.21","end_time":"1803.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.36","end_time":"1803.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1804.37","end_time":"1804.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1804.62","end_time":"1804.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1804.81","end_time":"1805.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.0","end_time":"1805.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.06","end_time":"1805.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.12","end_time":"1805.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4651","content":"think's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.31","end_time":"1805.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9364","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.55","end_time":"1805.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.65","end_time":"1805.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.8","end_time":"1805.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.93","end_time":"1806.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1806.49","end_time":"1806.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1809.01","end_time":"1809.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1809.3","end_time":"1809.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1809.47","end_time":"1809.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1809.58","end_time":"1810.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1810.09","end_time":"1810.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1810.38","end_time":"1811.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.71215","content":"24"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1813.42","end_time":"1813.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1813.84","end_time":"1814.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1814.35","end_time":"1814.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1814.59","end_time":"1815.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1816.63","end_time":"1816.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6729","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.69","end_time":"1816.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1817.19","end_time":"1817.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1817.47","end_time":"1817.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1817.75","end_time":"1818.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"perfect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.18","end_time":"1818.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.43","end_time":"1818.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.54","end_time":"1818.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.65","end_time":"1818.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.85","end_time":"1818.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.97","end_time":"1819.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1819.07","end_time":"1819.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1820.39","end_time":"1820.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9177","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1820.62","end_time":"1820.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1820.81","end_time":"1820.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1820.95","end_time":"1821.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.01","end_time":"1821.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.33","end_time":"1821.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.58","end_time":"1821.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.81","end_time":"1822.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1824.62","end_time":"1824.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1824.84","end_time":"1825.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1826.7","end_time":"1826.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1826.87","end_time":"1827.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1827.28","end_time":"1827.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1827.64","end_time":"1827.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9422","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1827.88","end_time":"1827.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9406","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1827.95","end_time":"1828.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1828.27","end_time":"1828.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1828.6","end_time":"1829.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6637","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1829.11","end_time":"1829.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"Put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1829.36","end_time":"1829.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9269","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1829.6","end_time":"1829.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1829.72","end_time":"1830.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1831.02","end_time":"1831.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1831.14","end_time":"1831.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1831.52","end_time":"1831.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1831.79","end_time":"1831.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1831.9","end_time":"1832.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1832.83","end_time":"1833.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1833.15","end_time":"1833.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1833.32","end_time":"1833.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1833.56","end_time":"1833.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1833.63","end_time":"1833.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1833.99","end_time":"1834.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1834.33","end_time":"1834.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1835.41","end_time":"1835.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1835.78","end_time":"1836.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1836.47","end_time":"1837.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1837.59","end_time":"1838.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9276","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.04","end_time":"1838.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.2","end_time":"1838.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9654","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.64","end_time":"1838.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.86","end_time":"1838.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.96","end_time":"1839.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.2","end_time":"1839.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.3","end_time":"1839.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.45","end_time":"1839.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.71","end_time":"1839.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1839.86","end_time":"1839.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.99","end_time":"1840.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1840.28","end_time":"1840.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1840.39","end_time":"1840.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9639","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1840.56","end_time":"1841.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"spot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1841.54","end_time":"1841.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1841.71","end_time":"1841.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1841.79","end_time":"1842.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4471","content":"sees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.0","end_time":"1842.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7662","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.07","end_time":"1842.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6276","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1842.39","end_time":"1842.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8854","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.58","end_time":"1842.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9033","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.67","end_time":"1842.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8634","content":"puts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.91","end_time":"1843.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1843.19","end_time":"1843.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1843.46","end_time":"1843.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1843.71","end_time":"1843.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1843.88","end_time":"1844.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1844.35","end_time":"1844.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9245","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1845.3","end_time":"1845.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7978","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.65","end_time":"1845.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9504","content":"Then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.88","end_time":"1846.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1846.46","end_time":"1846.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1846.86","end_time":"1847.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.26","end_time":"1847.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"changes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.88","end_time":"1848.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"extra"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1848.29","end_time":"1848.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9413","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1851.39","end_time":"1851.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9669","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1851.53","end_time":"1851.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1851.76","end_time":"1851.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1851.87","end_time":"1852.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.17","end_time":"1852.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1852.35","end_time":"1852.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.44","end_time":"1852.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.79","end_time":"1853.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.26","end_time":"1853.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9778","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.5","end_time":"1853.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.58","end_time":"1853.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.67","end_time":"1853.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"box"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.97","end_time":"1854.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1854.12","end_time":"1854.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1854.44","end_time":"1854.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9703","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1854.68","end_time":"1855.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1855.62","end_time":"1855.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1856.15","end_time":"1856.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1856.4","end_time":"1856.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1856.59","end_time":"1856.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1856.78","end_time":"1857.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1857.04","end_time":"1857.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1857.37","end_time":"1857.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1857.58","end_time":"1857.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1857.96","end_time":"1858.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1858.83","end_time":"1859.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1859.1","end_time":"1859.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1860.69","end_time":"1861.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1861.01","end_time":"1861.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1861.4","end_time":"1861.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"y"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1861.66","end_time":"1862.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.02","end_time":"1862.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.29","end_time":"1862.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.57","end_time":"1862.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9489","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.94","end_time":"1863.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1863.08","end_time":"1863.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1863.2","end_time":"1863.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"defining"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1863.7","end_time":"1863.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1863.78","end_time":"1864.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1864.31","end_time":"1864.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1864.63","end_time":"1864.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1864.9","end_time":"1865.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.02","end_time":"1865.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8577","content":"Y"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1865.3","end_time":"1865.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.45","end_time":"1865.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.55","end_time":"1865.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.7","end_time":"1866.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.11","end_time":"1866.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.85","end_time":"1867.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.26","end_time":"1867.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.39","end_time":"1867.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.88","end_time":"1868.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1868.18","end_time":"1868.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1868.48","end_time":"1868.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1868.61","end_time":"1869.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8242","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1869.64","end_time":"1869.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1869.91","end_time":"1870.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.03","end_time":"1870.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.14","end_time":"1870.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.34","end_time":"1870.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.45","end_time":"1871.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"true"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1871.21","end_time":"1871.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.36","end_time":"1871.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.46","end_time":"1871.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.79","end_time":"1871.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.87","end_time":"1872.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.14","end_time":"1872.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8001","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.26","end_time":"1872.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"determine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.68","end_time":"1872.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.75","end_time":"1873.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.09","end_time":"1873.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.18","end_time":"1873.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.53","end_time":"1873.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.86","end_time":"1874.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.05","end_time":"1874.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.17","end_time":"1874.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.45","end_time":"1874.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.58","end_time":"1874.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.82","end_time":"1875.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.05","end_time":"1875.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.18","end_time":"1875.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4396","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1876.09","end_time":"1876.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1876.57","end_time":"1876.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1876.92","end_time":"1877.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1877.14","end_time":"1877.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1878.2","end_time":"1878.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.45","end_time":"1878.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"Y"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.71","end_time":"1879.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.16","end_time":"1879.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.41","end_time":"1879.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.71","end_time":"1880.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.06","end_time":"1880.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.27","end_time":"1880.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.52","end_time":"1880.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8618","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.65","end_time":"1881.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9595","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1881.81","end_time":"1882.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1882.14","end_time":"1882.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1882.3","end_time":"1882.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1882.5","end_time":"1882.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1882.62","end_time":"1882.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1882.75","end_time":"1883.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1883.64","end_time":"1883.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9553","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1883.76","end_time":"1883.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1883.97","end_time":"1884.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1884.31","end_time":"1884.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1884.51","end_time":"1884.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1884.58","end_time":"1884.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1884.97","end_time":"1885.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1885.83","end_time":"1886.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1886.05","end_time":"1886.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.15","end_time":"1886.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.35","end_time":"1886.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.5","end_time":"1886.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.7","end_time":"1886.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.79","end_time":"1887.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"subtle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1887.1","end_time":"1887.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"differences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1888.3","end_time":"1888.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1888.61","end_time":"1888.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1888.73","end_time":"1888.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1888.93","end_time":"1889.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1889.22","end_time":"1889.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1889.41","end_time":"1890.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1890.11","end_time":"1890.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"model"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1890.62","end_time":"1890.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1890.75","end_time":"1891.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9614","content":"boxes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.31","end_time":"1891.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.43","end_time":"1891.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1891.87","end_time":"1891.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9758","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.91","end_time":"1892.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.72","end_time":"1892.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.93","end_time":"1893.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"helps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1893.18","end_time":"1893.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1893.26","end_time":"1893.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1896.24","end_time":"1896.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9693","content":"Ok"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1896.67","end_time":"1896.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1896.87","end_time":"1897.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1897.41","end_time":"1897.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1897.62","end_time":"1898.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1899.34","end_time":"1899.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1906.72","end_time":"1907.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sorry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1907.05","end_time":"1907.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1907.18","end_time":"1907.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1907.31","end_time":"1907.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1909.24","end_time":"1909.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1914.99","end_time":"1915.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1915.75","end_time":"1915.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1915.89","end_time":"1916.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1916.36","end_time":"1916.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1916.58","end_time":"1916.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1916.65","end_time":"1917.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1917.19","end_time":"1917.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1917.59","end_time":"1917.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1917.94","end_time":"1918.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1918.54","end_time":"1919.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1919.01","end_time":"1919.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1919.57","end_time":"1919.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"languages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1919.96","end_time":"1920.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1920.18","end_time":"1920.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1920.74","end_time":"1920.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1920.97","end_time":"1921.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1921.55","end_time":"1921.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1926.83","end_time":"1927.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7679","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1927.17","end_time":"1927.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.46","end_time":"1928.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1928.11","end_time":"1928.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1929.84","end_time":"1930.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1930.07","end_time":"1930.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1930.4","end_time":"1930.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5172","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1930.56","end_time":"1930.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1930.78","end_time":"1930.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1930.98","end_time":"1931.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1931.23","end_time":"1932.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1932.02","end_time":"1932.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9774","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1932.61","end_time":"1932.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1932.74","end_time":"1933.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1933.12","end_time":"1933.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1933.5","end_time":"1934.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"symbols"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1934.07","end_time":"1934.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1934.45","end_time":"1934.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8383","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1934.93","end_time":"1935.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7854","content":"divides"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1935.52","end_time":"1936.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subtraction"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1937.29","end_time":"1937.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.5","end_time":"1937.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.74","end_time":"1938.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.02","end_time":"1938.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.39","end_time":"1938.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.49","end_time":"1938.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.71","end_time":"1938.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.87","end_time":"1938.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.93","end_time":"1939.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1939.13","end_time":"1939.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1939.37","end_time":"1939.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1939.64","end_time":"1939.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.878","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1939.77","end_time":"1940.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"graphing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1940.11","end_time":"1940.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1940.79","end_time":"1940.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7611","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1940.99","end_time":"1941.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1941.21","end_time":"1941.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1941.48","end_time":"1941.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"features"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1941.94","end_time":"1942.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.08","end_time":"1942.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1942.32","end_time":"1942.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.39","end_time":"1942.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6167","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.55","end_time":"1942.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.78","end_time":"1942.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.86","end_time":"1943.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.3","end_time":"1943.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.4","end_time":"1943.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8754","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.45","end_time":"1943.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.9","end_time":"1944.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1944.01","end_time":"1944.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1944.45","end_time":"1944.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1944.55","end_time":"1944.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9422","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1944.6","end_time":"1944.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1944.88","end_time":"1944.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1944.96","end_time":"1945.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9588","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.04","end_time":"1945.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.44","end_time":"1945.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.83","end_time":"1945.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.93","end_time":"1945.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9849","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.98","end_time":"1946.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1946.93","end_time":"1947.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1947.44","end_time":"1948.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.12","end_time":"1948.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.44","end_time":"1948.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.7","end_time":"1949.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"exist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1949.11","end_time":"1949.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1949.25","end_time":"1949.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1949.71","end_time":"1949.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1949.82","end_time":"1949.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9377","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1949.93","end_time":"1950.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1950.16","end_time":"1950.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1950.75","end_time":"1950.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1950.97","end_time":"1951.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.14","end_time":"1951.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.24","end_time":"1951.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1952.31","end_time":"1952.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9711","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.51","end_time":"1952.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.83","end_time":"1952.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.93","end_time":"1952.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.98","end_time":"1953.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.29","end_time":"1953.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.4","end_time":"1953.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.63","end_time":"1953.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9288","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.71","end_time":"1954.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1955.14","end_time":"1955.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.69","end_time":"1955.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.87","end_time":"1956.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.01","end_time":"1956.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.09","end_time":"1956.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.94","end_time":"1957.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1957.42","end_time":"1957.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1957.78","end_time":"1958.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1958.62","end_time":"1958.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1958.83","end_time":"1959.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.16","end_time":"1959.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.39","end_time":"1959.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9449","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.5","end_time":"1959.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9545","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.88","end_time":"1959.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.95","end_time":"1960.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1960.57","end_time":"1960.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9753","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1960.87","end_time":"1961.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1961.01","end_time":"1961.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"returns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1961.45","end_time":"1961.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1962.14","end_time":"1962.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"positive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1962.84","end_time":"1963.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"version"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1963.37","end_time":"1963.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1963.54","end_time":"1963.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1963.76","end_time":"1964.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1965.54","end_time":"1965.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9082","content":"Sport"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.14","end_time":"1966.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5433","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.48","end_time":"1966.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.91","end_time":"1967.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9119","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.05","end_time":"1967.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.18","end_time":"1967.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.47","end_time":"1967.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5991","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.56","end_time":"1968.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1969.77","end_time":"1970.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1971.23","end_time":"1971.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1971.42","end_time":"1971.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1971.61","end_time":"1972.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1972.03","end_time":"1972.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1972.32","end_time":"1972.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.44","end_time":"1973.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"normal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1973.96","end_time":"1974.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9719","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.39","end_time":"1974.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.86","end_time":"1975.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9071","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.1","end_time":"1975.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1978.84","end_time":"1979.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.36","end_time":"1979.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.69","end_time":"1979.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.94","end_time":"1980.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.17","end_time":"1980.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.49","end_time":"1980.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.69","end_time":"1981.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1981.01","end_time":"1981.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1981.1","end_time":"1981.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1981.91","end_time":"1982.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1982.26","end_time":"1982.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1982.47","end_time":"1983.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.09","end_time":"1983.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"knew"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.37","end_time":"1983.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.59","end_time":"1983.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8721","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.71","end_time":"1984.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5342","content":"d'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1984.63","end_time":"1984.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1984.89","end_time":"1984.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1984.98","end_time":"1985.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1985.23","end_time":"1985.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1985.54","end_time":"1985.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1985.64","end_time":"1985.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1985.86","end_time":"1986.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.0","end_time":"1986.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9849","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.21","end_time":"1986.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.42","end_time":"1986.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"meant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.07","end_time":"1987.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.26","end_time":"1987.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1987.63","end_time":"1987.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.75","end_time":"1988.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.12","end_time":"1988.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5626","content":"sees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.63","end_time":"1988.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.91","end_time":"1989.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"letters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1989.34","end_time":"1989.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1989.48","end_time":"1990.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"interprets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.06","end_time":"1990.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.19","end_time":"1990.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.32","end_time":"1990.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.53","end_time":"1990.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9205","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.61","end_time":"1990.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.7","end_time":"1991.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1991.08","end_time":"1991.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1991.91","end_time":"1992.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.1","end_time":"1992.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.32","end_time":"1992.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.42","end_time":"1992.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.55","end_time":"1992.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.77","end_time":"1993.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1993.56","end_time":"1993.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9412","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1993.84","end_time":"1993.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1993.95","end_time":"1994.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7351","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.27","end_time":"1994.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.43","end_time":"1995.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7853","content":"displacing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1995.05","end_time":"1995.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9348","content":"green"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1995.99","end_time":"1996.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.22","end_time":"1996.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.39","end_time":"1996.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.82","end_time":"1997.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1997.28","end_time":"1997.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1997.81","end_time":"1998.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.15","end_time":"1998.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.56","end_time":"1998.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.78","end_time":"1999.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.07","end_time":"1999.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.25","end_time":"1999.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.08","end_time":"2000.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.29","end_time":"2000.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.42","end_time":"2000.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.83","end_time":"2001.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2003.84","end_time":"2004.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.23","end_time":"2004.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9023","content":"ABS"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.61","end_time":"2004.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.76","end_time":"2004.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.85","end_time":"2005.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8151","content":"pre"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.18","end_time":"2005.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8151","content":"existing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.75","end_time":"2006.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.03","end_time":"2006.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9686","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.19","end_time":"2006.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2006.67","end_time":"2006.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.81","end_time":"2006.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.99","end_time":"2007.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"others"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2007.4","end_time":"2007.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2007.9","end_time":"2008.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.04","end_time":"2008.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.27","end_time":"2008.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.44","end_time":"2008.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.53","end_time":"2008.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.61","end_time":"2008.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.78","end_time":"2009.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2009.78","end_time":"2010.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.04","end_time":"2010.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.73","end_time":"2011.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7056","content":"focus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2011.3","end_time":"2011.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.52","end_time":"2011.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.65","end_time":"2011.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.9","end_time":"2012.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"unlike"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2012.61","end_time":"2012.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2012.98","end_time":"2013.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.06","end_time":"2013.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specifics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.82","end_time":"2014.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2014.81","end_time":"2015.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2015.3","end_time":"2015.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2015.48","end_time":"2015.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2015.83","end_time":"2015.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2015.98","end_time":"2016.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.13","end_time":"2016.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2016.46","end_time":"2016.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.63","end_time":"2016.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.85","end_time":"2016.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.95","end_time":"2017.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.64","end_time":"2018.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2018.12","end_time":"2018.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"concepts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2018.7","end_time":"2018.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2018.88","end_time":"2019.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"techniques"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2019.8","end_time":"2020.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2020.03","end_time":"2020.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2020.4","end_time":"2020.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2020.54","end_time":"2020.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.23","end_time":"2021.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8889","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.5","end_time":"2021.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.74","end_time":"2021.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.86","end_time":"2021.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.95","end_time":"2022.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2022.34","end_time":"2022.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2022.44","end_time":"2022.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2022.98","end_time":"2023.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2024.06","end_time":"2024.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2024.32","end_time":"2024.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2024.44","end_time":"2024.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2024.56","end_time":"2024.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2024.82","end_time":"2025.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2025.06","end_time":"2025.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2025.64","end_time":"2025.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2025.76","end_time":"2025.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2025.9","end_time":"2026.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.36","end_time":"2026.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.62","end_time":"2026.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.82","end_time":"2027.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"huge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.12","end_time":"2027.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.39","end_time":"2027.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.49","end_time":"2027.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.8","end_time":"2028.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9736","content":"condo's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2028.82","end_time":"2029.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7888","content":"We'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.0","end_time":"2029.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.24","end_time":"2029.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.39","end_time":"2029.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.5","end_time":"2029.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"huge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.79","end_time":"2030.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.03","end_time":"2030.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.12","end_time":"2030.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.46","end_time":"2030.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.58","end_time":"2030.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.76","end_time":"2030.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.85","end_time":"2031.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.0","end_time":"2031.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8237","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.32","end_time":"2031.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.44","end_time":"2031.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4215","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.54","end_time":"2031.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.75","end_time":"2031.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7751","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.82","end_time":"2032.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.25","end_time":"2032.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.36","end_time":"2032.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2032.61","end_time":"2032.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.87","end_time":"2032.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.99","end_time":"2033.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2033.17","end_time":"2033.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2033.31","end_time":"2033.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2033.69","end_time":"2033.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2033.78","end_time":"2034.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2034.11","end_time":"2034.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2034.16","end_time":"2034.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2034.5","end_time":"2034.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2034.76","end_time":"2035.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6557","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2036.3","end_time":"2036.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7342","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2036.9","end_time":"2037.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2037.06","end_time":"2037.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2037.31","end_time":"2037.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2037.95","end_time":"2038.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2038.76","end_time":"2039.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2039.19","end_time":"2039.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.8","end_time":"2040.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.24","end_time":"2040.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.61","end_time":"2040.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.88","end_time":"2041.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9855","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2041.04","end_time":"2041.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2041.25","end_time":"2041.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2041.66","end_time":"2041.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9705","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2041.85","end_time":"2042.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.05","end_time":"2042.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2043.01","end_time":"2043.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2043.25","end_time":"2043.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.48","end_time":"2043.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.68","end_time":"2043.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.82","end_time":"2043.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.93","end_time":"2044.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.16","end_time":"2044.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.22","end_time":"2044.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.53","end_time":"2044.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.65","end_time":"2044.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.98","end_time":"2045.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2045.2","end_time":"2045.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"Maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2045.4","end_time":"2045.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2045.44","end_time":"2045.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9666","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2045.62","end_time":"2045.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9666","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2045.68","end_time":"2045.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2045.9","end_time":"2045.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2046.0","end_time":"2046.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"f"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2046.86","end_time":"2047.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2047.08","end_time":"2047.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2047.2","end_time":"2047.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8558","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2047.47","end_time":"2047.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2047.69","end_time":"2047.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2047.94","end_time":"2048.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2048.06","end_time":"2048.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2048.18","end_time":"2048.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2049.39","end_time":"2049.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2049.75","end_time":"2049.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2049.93","end_time":"2050.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.06","end_time":"2050.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.16","end_time":"2050.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.78","end_time":"2051.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2057.04","end_time":"2057.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2057.3","end_time":"2058.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9537","content":"assigning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2058.89","end_time":"2059.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2059.25","end_time":"2060.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2060.23","end_time":"2060.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6125","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2060.8","end_time":"2061.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2061.49","end_time":"2061.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2061.99","end_time":"2062.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2062.35","end_time":"2062.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"f"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2063.18","end_time":"2063.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2063.7","end_time":"2063.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2063.9","end_time":"2064.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2064.01","end_time":"2064.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2064.08","end_time":"2064.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2064.32","end_time":"2064.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2064.7","end_time":"2064.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2064.89","end_time":"2065.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2065.05","end_time":"2065.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2065.19","end_time":"2065.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2065.31","end_time":"2065.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2065.51","end_time":"2065.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2065.94","end_time":"2066.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2066.01","end_time":"2066.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2066.16","end_time":"2066.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"assigning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2066.62","end_time":"2067.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2067.06","end_time":"2067.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2067.38","end_time":"2067.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2067.58","end_time":"2067.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2067.66","end_time":"2067.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2067.81","end_time":"2068.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2068.17","end_time":"2068.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2069.44","end_time":"2069.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9665","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2070.48","end_time":"2071.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.03","end_time":"2071.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.25","end_time":"2071.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.36","end_time":"2071.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7634","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.48","end_time":"2071.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.77","end_time":"2071.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.95","end_time":"2072.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2072.27","end_time":"2072.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"F"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2072.46","end_time":"2072.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2072.6","end_time":"2073.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2073.24","end_time":"2073.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9729","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2073.51","end_time":"2073.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2073.63","end_time":"2073.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2073.76","end_time":"2073.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8948","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2073.89","end_time":"2073.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8948","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2073.96","end_time":"2074.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2074.13","end_time":"2074.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2074.24","end_time":"2074.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2074.55","end_time":"2075.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.13","end_time":"2075.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.27","end_time":"2075.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9237","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.34","end_time":"2075.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.54","end_time":"2076.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"earlier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2077.3","end_time":"2077.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.42","end_time":"2077.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.59","end_time":"2077.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.8","end_time":"2077.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.91","end_time":"2078.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.14","end_time":"2078.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.23","end_time":"2078.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.45","end_time":"2078.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.63","end_time":"2078.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9445","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.79","end_time":"2079.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2079.1","end_time":"2079.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.04","end_time":"2080.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.2","end_time":"2080.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.54","end_time":"2080.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.64","end_time":"2080.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.91","end_time":"2081.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2082.13","end_time":"2082.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.77","end_time":"2082.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.87","end_time":"2083.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2083.25","end_time":"2083.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2083.36","end_time":"2084.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.49","end_time":"2084.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.69","end_time":"2084.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.77","end_time":"2085.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.25","end_time":"2085.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.42","end_time":"2085.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.55","end_time":"2085.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.84","end_time":"2085.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.96","end_time":"2086.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2086.46","end_time":"2086.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9613","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2086.69","end_time":"2086.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2086.95","end_time":"2087.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9193","content":"vary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2088.04","end_time":"2088.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2088.35","end_time":"2089.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2089.07","end_time":"2089.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6612","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2089.53","end_time":"2090.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2090.07","end_time":"2090.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5574","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2090.38","end_time":"2090.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"took"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2090.62","end_time":"2090.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2090.8","end_time":"2091.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.02","end_time":"2092.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9391","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.34","end_time":"2092.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2092.97","end_time":"2093.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2093.2","end_time":"2093.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.31","end_time":"2093.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"wouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.49","end_time":"2093.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.66","end_time":"2093.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.95","end_time":"2094.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2094.04","end_time":"2094.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2094.32","end_time":"2094.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2094.42","end_time":"2094.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2094.51","end_time":"2094.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2094.87","end_time":"2095.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2095.27","end_time":"2095.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2095.62","end_time":"2096.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.12","end_time":"2096.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.42","end_time":"2096.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.52","end_time":"2096.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.59","end_time":"2096.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.82","end_time":"2097.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2097.7","end_time":"2097.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2097.92","end_time":"2098.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2098.07","end_time":"2098.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2098.15","end_time":"2099.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maximum"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2099.79","end_time":"2100.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.04","end_time":"2100.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.37","end_time":"2100.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.51","end_time":"2100.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.86","end_time":"2101.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7408","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.03","end_time":"2101.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.26","end_time":"2101.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.45","end_time":"2101.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.5","end_time":"2101.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.74","end_time":"2101.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.84","end_time":"2102.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2102.56","end_time":"2102.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2103.09","end_time":"2103.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2103.59","end_time":"2103.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2103.74","end_time":"2103.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2103.92","end_time":"2104.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2104.29","end_time":"2104.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2104.5","end_time":"2104.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2104.62","end_time":"2105.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"largest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2105.16","end_time":"2105.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2105.27","end_time":"2105.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2105.5","end_time":"2106.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2106.89","end_time":"2107.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2107.12","end_time":"2107.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2107.57","end_time":"2107.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2107.83","end_time":"2108.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2108.08","end_time":"2108.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2108.41","end_time":"2109.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9855","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2112.75","end_time":"2112.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2112.89","end_time":"2113.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2113.0","end_time":"2113.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2114.99","end_time":"2115.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2115.27","end_time":"2115.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2115.36","end_time":"2116.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9272","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2119.29","end_time":"2119.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2119.83","end_time":"2119.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2119.94","end_time":"2120.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2120.32","end_time":"2120.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2120.98","end_time":"2121.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2121.2","end_time":"2121.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2122.25","end_time":"2122.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.43","end_time":"2122.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.54","end_time":"2122.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.83","end_time":"2123.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2123.92","end_time":"2123.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5199","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2123.98","end_time":"2124.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9537","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2124.14","end_time":"2124.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.26","end_time":"2124.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.44","end_time":"2124.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8771","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.79","end_time":"2125.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2125.12","end_time":"2125.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2125.44","end_time":"2125.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9626","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2125.63","end_time":"2126.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"varying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2126.13","end_time":"2126.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2126.44","end_time":"2126.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2126.53","end_time":"2127.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2131.41","end_time":"2131.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2131.92","end_time":"2132.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.22","end_time":"2132.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.76","end_time":"2132.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.98","end_time":"2133.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"natural"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.34","end_time":"2133.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.77","end_time":"2133.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.97","end_time":"2134.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2134.59","end_time":"2134.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.81","end_time":"2135.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.01","end_time":"2135.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.14","end_time":"2135.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.53","end_time":"2135.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.7","end_time":"2135.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.99","end_time":"2136.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9372","content":"ABS"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.56","end_time":"2136.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.79","end_time":"2137.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8873","content":"Max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2137.59","end_time":"2137.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9243","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2138.21","end_time":"2138.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2138.63","end_time":"2139.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.16","end_time":"2139.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.38","end_time":"2139.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.7","end_time":"2139.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.85","end_time":"2140.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.03","end_time":"2140.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.16","end_time":"2140.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.28","end_time":"2140.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2141.38","end_time":"2141.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2141.58","end_time":"2141.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.72","end_time":"2141.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9313","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.88","end_time":"2142.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.26","end_time":"2142.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.39","end_time":"2142.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.8","end_time":"2143.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.19","end_time":"2143.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2143.62","end_time":"2143.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.84","end_time":"2143.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.98","end_time":"2144.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2144.47","end_time":"2145.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2145.42","end_time":"2145.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2145.7","end_time":"2145.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2145.83","end_time":"2145.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2145.95","end_time":"2146.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.1","end_time":"2146.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.35","end_time":"2146.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.49","end_time":"2146.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.57","end_time":"2146.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.69","end_time":"2147.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.02","end_time":"2147.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.17","end_time":"2147.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.33","end_time":"2147.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.7","end_time":"2147.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.83","end_time":"2148.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2148.63","end_time":"2148.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2148.78","end_time":"2148.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2148.94","end_time":"2149.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.09","end_time":"2149.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9228","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.27","end_time":"2149.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.34","end_time":"2149.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.7","end_time":"2149.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.86","end_time":"2149.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.97","end_time":"2150.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2150.16","end_time":"2150.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5913","content":"exist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2150.6","end_time":"2150.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2150.79","end_time":"2150.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2150.91","end_time":"2151.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.37","end_time":"2151.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2152.72","end_time":"2152.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2152.86","end_time":"2153.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9767","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.04","end_time":"2153.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9271","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.55","end_time":"2153.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.72","end_time":"2154.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2154.17","end_time":"2155.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96335","content":"1.22"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2158.84","end_time":"2159.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.04","end_time":"2159.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.25","end_time":"2159.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.37","end_time":"2159.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.46","end_time":"2159.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.79","end_time":"2159.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.88","end_time":"2160.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2161.09","end_time":"2161.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7075","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2161.93","end_time":"2162.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2162.28","end_time":"2162.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2162.43","end_time":"2162.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2162.59","end_time":"2163.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2163.19","end_time":"2163.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2163.43","end_time":"2163.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2163.75","end_time":"2164.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8688","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2165.53","end_time":"2166.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.23","end_time":"2167.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.38","end_time":"2167.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.49","end_time":"2167.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.76","end_time":"2167.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.84","end_time":"2168.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.03","end_time":"2168.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.1","end_time":"2168.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.18","end_time":"2168.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.65","end_time":"2168.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9663","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.76","end_time":"2168.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.8","end_time":"2169.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2169.28","end_time":"2169.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2170.93","end_time":"2171.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2171.12","end_time":"2171.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2171.2","end_time":"2171.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6909","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2171.28","end_time":"2171.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2171.63","end_time":"2172.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2172.92","end_time":"2173.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"It'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2173.23","end_time":"2173.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2173.89","end_time":"2174.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.02","end_time":"2174.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.12","end_time":"2174.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bottom"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2175.53","end_time":"2175.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2175.77","end_time":"2176.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"documentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2176.58","end_time":"2177.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.01","end_time":"2177.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.19","end_time":"2177.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.35","end_time":"2177.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.44","end_time":"2177.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.87","end_time":"2178.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2178.5","end_time":"2178.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.48","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2178.72","end_time":"2178.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2178.84","end_time":"2178.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2178.98","end_time":"2179.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2179.33","end_time":"2179.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8996","content":"thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2179.79","end_time":"2179.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8631","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2179.99","end_time":"2180.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2180.26","end_time":"2180.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2180.35","end_time":"2180.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interpret"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2180.81","end_time":"2181.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"especially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2181.31","end_time":"2181.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2181.46","end_time":"2181.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9365","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2181.59","end_time":"2182.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2182.75","end_time":"2183.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9793","content":"You'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.16","end_time":"2183.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.34","end_time":"2183.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.58","end_time":"2183.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.75","end_time":"2184.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.19","end_time":"2184.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9739","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.33","end_time":"2184.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figuring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.69","end_time":"2184.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.84","end_time":"2184.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.99","end_time":"2185.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2185.17","end_time":"2185.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2186.23","end_time":"2186.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2186.68","end_time":"2186.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2186.82","end_time":"2187.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2187.01","end_time":"2187.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2187.08","end_time":"2187.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"description"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2187.92","end_time":"2188.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.5","end_time":"2188.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.75","end_time":"2188.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.85","end_time":"2189.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2189.27","end_time":"2189.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2189.73","end_time":"2189.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2189.9","end_time":"2189.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2189.98","end_time":"2190.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2190.21","end_time":"2190.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9536","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2191.4","end_time":"2192.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"description"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2192.25","end_time":"2192.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2193.3","end_time":"2193.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2193.66","end_time":"2193.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2193.85","end_time":"2194.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2194.22","end_time":"2194.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2194.41","end_time":"2194.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2194.59","end_time":"2195.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"inputs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.13","end_time":"2195.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.29","end_time":"2195.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.45","end_time":"2195.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.52","end_time":"2195.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.77","end_time":"2195.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.98","end_time":"2196.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2196.11","end_time":"2196.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9631","content":"outputs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2197.39","end_time":"2198.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2198.08","end_time":"2198.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2198.41","end_time":"2198.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2198.66","end_time":"2199.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.27","end_time":"2199.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.43","end_time":"2199.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.74","end_time":"2199.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8428","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.85","end_time":"2199.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.91","end_time":"2200.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2201.13","end_time":"2201.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2201.31","end_time":"2202.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"brackets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2202.41","end_time":"2202.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2202.89","end_time":"2203.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2203.23","end_time":"2203.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9307","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2203.5","end_time":"2203.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2203.6","end_time":"2204.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2204.55","end_time":"2205.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"additional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.11","end_time":"2205.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9772","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2206.01","end_time":"2206.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2206.24","end_time":"2206.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2206.37","end_time":"2206.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2206.72","end_time":"2206.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2206.83","end_time":"2207.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"brackets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2207.31","end_time":"2207.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2207.41","end_time":"2207.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2207.83","end_time":"2208.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6559","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.05","end_time":"2208.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2208.13","end_time":"2208.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.27","end_time":"2208.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.36","end_time":"2208.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.59","end_time":"2208.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.84","end_time":"2209.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2209.77","end_time":"2210.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.21","end_time":"2210.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2210.46","end_time":"2210.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.53","end_time":"2210.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.83","end_time":"2211.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2211.05","end_time":"2211.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2211.22","end_time":"2211.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2211.56","end_time":"2212.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2212.02","end_time":"2212.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2212.2","end_time":"2212.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.25","end_time":"2212.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.5","end_time":"2212.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.69","end_time":"2212.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.78","end_time":"2213.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.29","end_time":"2213.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.49","end_time":"2213.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.63","end_time":"2214.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.82","end_time":"2214.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.99","end_time":"2215.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.13","end_time":"2215.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.65","end_time":"2215.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.81","end_time":"2215.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.87","end_time":"2216.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2216.51","end_time":"2216.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6559","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2216.86","end_time":"2217.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.05","end_time":"2217.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"took"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.26","end_time":"2217.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.39","end_time":"2218.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9546666666666667","content":"1.22"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.39","end_time":"2218.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7855","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.51","end_time":"2218.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7848","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.93","end_time":"2219.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2219.03","end_time":"2219.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6575","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2219.83","end_time":"2220.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2220.1","end_time":"2220.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2220.25","end_time":"2220.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rounded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2220.72","end_time":"2220.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2220.91","end_time":"2221.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2221.34","end_time":"2221.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2222.13","end_time":"2222.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6602","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2222.3","end_time":"2222.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2222.38","end_time":"2222.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2222.72","end_time":"2223.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"precision"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2223.49","end_time":"2223.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2223.65","end_time":"2224.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.1","end_time":"2224.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"digits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2224.57","end_time":"2224.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.75","end_time":"2224.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.82","end_time":"2225.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.38","end_time":"2225.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.75","end_time":"2226.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2226.01","end_time":"2226.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2226.4","end_time":"2227.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2227.54","end_time":"2227.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2228.03","end_time":"2228.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2228.25","end_time":"2228.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2228.35","end_time":"2229.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2229.67","end_time":"2230.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"rounded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2230.28","end_time":"2230.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2230.45","end_time":"2230.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2230.59","end_time":"2230.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2230.69","end_time":"2231.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nearest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2231.09","end_time":"2231.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.05","end_time":"2232.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.26","end_time":"2232.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.44","end_time":"2232.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.86","end_time":"2233.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2234.89","end_time":"2235.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9407","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2235.48","end_time":"2235.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"returns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.97","end_time":"2236.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.1","end_time":"2236.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"inch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.55","end_time":"2236.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.75","end_time":"2237.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.01","end_time":"2237.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.19","end_time":"2237.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.53","end_time":"2237.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.76","end_time":"2238.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2239.23","end_time":"2240.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Otherwise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2240.93","end_time":"2241.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.08","end_time":"2241.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.18","end_time":"2241.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.37","end_time":"2241.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.47","end_time":"2241.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.76","end_time":"2242.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2242.02","end_time":"2242.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5306","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2242.16","end_time":"2242.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2242.33","end_time":"2242.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2242.67","end_time":"2243.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2243.38","end_time":"2243.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2243.78","end_time":"2243.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2243.94","end_time":"2244.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2244.05","end_time":"2244.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2244.14","end_time":"2244.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tried"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2245.63","end_time":"2246.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.18","end_time":"2246.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.36","end_time":"2246.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8772","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2248.93","end_time":"2249.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2249.32","end_time":"2249.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2249.78","end_time":"2250.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2253.23","end_time":"2254.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859333333333332","content":"1.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2255.03","end_time":"2255.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7539","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2255.73","end_time":"2255.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6122","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2255.82","end_time":"2255.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2255.88","end_time":"2256.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tried"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2256.15","end_time":"2256.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2256.5","end_time":"2256.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2256.62","end_time":"2256.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8358","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2256.74","end_time":"2257.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9151","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2257.08","end_time":"2257.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2257.48","end_time":"2258.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2258.77","end_time":"2258.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3971","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2258.85","end_time":"2259.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7166","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2259.02","end_time":"2260.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8660333333333333","content":"1.22"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.34","end_time":"2260.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.41","end_time":"2260.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.56","end_time":"2260.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.69","end_time":"2260.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.83","end_time":"2261.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2261.18","end_time":"2261.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2261.31","end_time":"2261.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2261.39","end_time":"2261.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2261.54","end_time":"2262.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2263.33","end_time":"2263.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2263.63","end_time":"2264.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2264.01","end_time":"2264.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2264.43","end_time":"2264.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7677","content":"while"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2264.57","end_time":"2264.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6587","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2264.78","end_time":"2265.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2265.02","end_time":"2265.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2265.19","end_time":"2265.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2265.26","end_time":"2265.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"begin"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2265.58","end_time":"2265.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2265.82","end_time":"2265.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2265.95","end_time":"2266.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8632","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2266.07","end_time":"2266.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2266.28","end_time":"2266.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2266.54","end_time":"2266.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2266.66","end_time":"2266.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4689","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2267.43","end_time":"2267.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9706","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2267.68","end_time":"2267.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2267.85","end_time":"2268.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2268.19","end_time":"2268.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2269.05","end_time":"2269.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.22","end_time":"2269.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.47","end_time":"2269.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.57","end_time":"2269.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5911","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.72","end_time":"2270.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2270.13","end_time":"2270.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8336","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2271.3","end_time":"2271.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.65","end_time":"2271.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.76","end_time":"2272.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"digits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2272.16","end_time":"2272.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5522","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2272.55","end_time":"2273.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2276.28","end_time":"2276.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2276.49","end_time":"2276.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2276.61","end_time":"2276.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2276.71","end_time":"2276.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2276.82","end_time":"2277.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2277.0","end_time":"2277.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9627","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2277.08","end_time":"2277.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9016","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2277.46","end_time":"2277.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2277.94","end_time":"2278.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8644","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2278.08","end_time":"2278.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2278.65","end_time":"2279.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2279.13","end_time":"2279.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"digits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2281.52","end_time":"2281.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2281.62","end_time":"2281.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2281.77","end_time":"2282.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2282.37","end_time":"2282.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8168","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2282.44","end_time":"2282.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2283.58","end_time":"2283.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2283.69","end_time":"2283.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2283.8","end_time":"2283.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9741","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2283.87","end_time":"2284.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"idea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2289.51","end_time":"2289.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2289.87","end_time":"2290.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.01","end_time":"2290.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.08","end_time":"2290.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.38","end_time":"2290.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.59","end_time":"2290.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.73","end_time":"2290.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.81","end_time":"2291.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2291.05","end_time":"2291.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2291.76","end_time":"2292.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9588","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2292.4","end_time":"2292.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2292.66","end_time":"2292.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2292.81","end_time":"2292.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2292.92","end_time":"2293.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nearest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.91","end_time":"2294.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.41","end_time":"2294.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.51","end_time":"2294.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2295.21","end_time":"2295.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2295.44","end_time":"2295.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.56","end_time":"2295.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.79","end_time":"2296.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.04","end_time":"2296.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.16","end_time":"2296.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.38","end_time":"2296.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9242","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2296.54","end_time":"2296.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2297.31","end_time":"2297.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2297.7","end_time":"2297.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2297.8","end_time":"2298.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2298.12","end_time":"2298.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bigger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2299.41","end_time":"2300.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2301.46","end_time":"2303.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"11,244"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2306.72","end_time":"2307.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2307.17","end_time":"2309.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"11,240"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2309.3","end_time":"2309.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"Let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2309.55","end_time":"2309.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2309.89","end_time":"2310.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2310.15","end_time":"2310.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8738","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2310.28","end_time":"2312.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"11,247"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2315.36","end_time":"2315.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.5","end_time":"2315.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.85","end_time":"2315.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.95","end_time":"2316.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2316.16","end_time":"2316.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9751","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2316.32","end_time":"2316.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9545","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2316.42","end_time":"2316.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2316.75","end_time":"2317.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"round"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2317.02","end_time":"2317.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2317.12","end_time":"2317.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2317.22","end_time":"2317.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nearest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2317.93","end_time":"2318.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2318.49","end_time":"2318.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2318.6","end_time":"2318.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.21","end_time":"2319.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2319.88","end_time":"2320.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.36","end_time":"2320.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.61","end_time":"2320.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.84","end_time":"2321.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2321.2","end_time":"2321.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2321.71","end_time":"2322.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2322.61","end_time":"2322.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2322.8","end_time":"2322.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2322.96","end_time":"2323.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.09","end_time":"2323.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.16","end_time":"2323.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.38","end_time":"2323.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.59","end_time":"2323.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.69","end_time":"2323.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.89","end_time":"2324.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Google"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2324.92","end_time":"2325.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8396","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2325.54","end_time":"2325.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2325.79","end_time":"2325.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"free"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2325.99","end_time":"2326.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.07","end_time":"2326.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.33","end_time":"2326.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2327.01","end_time":"2327.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.24","end_time":"2327.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.34","end_time":"2327.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.45","end_time":"2327.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"meaning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.89","end_time":"2328.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2328.02","end_time":"2328.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2328.45","end_time":"2328.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2328.99","end_time":"2329.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2329.5","end_time":"2329.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2329.72","end_time":"2329.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2329.88","end_time":"2330.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2330.2","end_time":"2330.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2330.59","end_time":"2331.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.17","end_time":"2331.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.5","end_time":"2331.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9712","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.74","end_time":"2331.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.91","end_time":"2332.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2332.27","end_time":"2332.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2332.38","end_time":"2332.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Google"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2334.62","end_time":"2335.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.16","end_time":"2335.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.38","end_time":"2335.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.47","end_time":"2335.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"afraid"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.76","end_time":"2335.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.86","end_time":"2336.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2336.02","end_time":"2336.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2336.19","end_time":"2336.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"tool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2340.9","end_time":"2341.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2342.08","end_time":"2342.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.2","end_time":"2342.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.26","end_time":"2342.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.32","end_time":"2342.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"think's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.55","end_time":"2342.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.72","end_time":"2343.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.02","end_time":"2343.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.14","end_time":"2343.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.21","end_time":"2343.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.37","end_time":"2343.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.49","end_time":"2343.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.83","end_time":"2344.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.8","end_time":"2345.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9004","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.97","end_time":"2346.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2346.35","end_time":"2346.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2346.52","end_time":"2346.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2346.72","end_time":"2346.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2346.89","end_time":"2347.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2347.16","end_time":"2347.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2347.34","end_time":"2347.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"happen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2347.58","end_time":"2347.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2347.78","end_time":"2348.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2349.58","end_time":"2349.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3214","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2350.84","end_time":"2350.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.95","end_time":"2351.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2351.27","end_time":"2351.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2351.38","end_time":"2352.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2352.05","end_time":"2352.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9215","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2352.63","end_time":"2352.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2352.78","end_time":"2353.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"description"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.43","end_time":"2353.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.55","end_time":"2353.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.66","end_time":"2354.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.62","end_time":"2356.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8983","content":"waas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2356.55","end_time":"2356.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2356.71","end_time":"2357.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"definitely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2357.09","end_time":"2357.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"needs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2357.38","end_time":"2357.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2357.49","end_time":"2357.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2357.97","end_time":"2358.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.53","end_time":"2358.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.71","end_time":"2358.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.83","end_time":"2358.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9482","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.97","end_time":"2359.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9482","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2359.03","end_time":"2359.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2359.16","end_time":"2359.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2360.0","end_time":"2360.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.14","end_time":"2360.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.28","end_time":"2360.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optionally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.91","end_time":"2361.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.1","end_time":"2361.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.22","end_time":"2361.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.28","end_time":"2361.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.56","end_time":"2361.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.67","end_time":"2362.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"digits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2362.18","end_time":"2362.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.42","end_time":"2362.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.54","end_time":"2362.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.76","end_time":"2362.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.9","end_time":"2363.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2363.02","end_time":"2363.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2363.26","end_time":"2363.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2363.64","end_time":"2364.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.26","end_time":"2364.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.46","end_time":"2364.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.77","end_time":"2364.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.93","end_time":"2365.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.05","end_time":"2365.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6611","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.14","end_time":"2365.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2367.52","end_time":"2367.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.76","end_time":"2367.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.91","end_time":"2368.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8918","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.08","end_time":"2368.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.27","end_time":"2368.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6851","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.74","end_time":"2368.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.99","end_time":"2369.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2369.15","end_time":"2369.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9763","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2369.48","end_time":"2370.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8511","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.04","end_time":"2370.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.34","end_time":"2370.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interpreting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.97","end_time":"2371.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2371.3","end_time":"2372.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9355","content":"messages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2372.5","end_time":"2372.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.7","end_time":"2372.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"one's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.93","end_time":"2373.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.01","end_time":"2373.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fairly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.51","end_time":"2373.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.83","end_time":"2374.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9191","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2374.01","end_time":"2374.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2374.11","end_time":"2374.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interpret"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2375.67","end_time":"2375.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2375.84","end_time":"2376.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2376.19","end_time":"2377.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"round"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2377.24","end_time":"2377.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2377.61","end_time":"2377.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2377.81","end_time":"2378.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2378.16","end_time":"2378.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2378.38","end_time":"2379.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2379.48","end_time":"2379.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2379.67","end_time":"2379.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2379.91","end_time":"2380.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2380.06","end_time":"2380.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2381.15","end_time":"2381.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6929","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2381.36","end_time":"2381.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.685","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2381.44","end_time":"2381.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2381.51","end_time":"2381.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2381.65","end_time":"2382.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9626","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.05","end_time":"2382.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.25","end_time":"2382.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.36","end_time":"2382.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.56","end_time":"2382.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.85","end_time":"2383.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2383.15","end_time":"2383.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2383.27","end_time":"2383.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2383.36","end_time":"2383.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8569","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2383.58","end_time":"2383.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4676","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2383.68","end_time":"2383.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8714","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2383.85","end_time":"2384.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2384.09","end_time":"2384.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2384.37","end_time":"2384.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2385.82","end_time":"2385.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6137","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2385.99","end_time":"2386.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2386.1","end_time":"2386.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2386.25","end_time":"2386.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2389.92","end_time":"2390.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9239","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2394.53","end_time":"2394.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2394.83","end_time":"2395.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2395.4","end_time":"2395.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2395.87","end_time":"2396.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.13","end_time":"2396.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.29","end_time":"2396.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.5","end_time":"2396.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.55","end_time":"2396.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.95","end_time":"2397.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.14","end_time":"2397.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.36","end_time":"2397.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6322","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.64","end_time":"2397.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2793","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2397.73","end_time":"2398.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5011","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2401.08","end_time":"2401.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2401.47","end_time":"2402.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2402.91","end_time":"2403.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2403.3","end_time":"2403.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2403.37","end_time":"2403.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2403.58","end_time":"2403.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2403.76","end_time":"2404.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2404.05","end_time":"2404.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4957","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2404.4","end_time":"2404.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7361","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2407.94","end_time":"2408.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.09","end_time":"2408.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"depends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.46","end_time":"2408.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.65","end_time":"2408.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.79","end_time":"2408.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9592","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.96","end_time":"2409.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2409.14","end_time":"2409.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2409.31","end_time":"2409.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2409.44","end_time":"2409.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2409.62","end_time":"2410.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"library"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.24","end_time":"2410.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.44","end_time":"2410.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.58","end_time":"2410.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.68","end_time":"2410.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.9","end_time":"2411.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9607","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2411.03","end_time":"2411.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9631","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2411.08","end_time":"2411.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"documentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2413.36","end_time":"2413.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2413.64","end_time":"2414.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.19","end_time":"2415.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.42","end_time":"2415.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.53","end_time":"2416.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2416.23","end_time":"2416.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2416.36","end_time":"2416.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2416.92","end_time":"2417.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2419.38","end_time":"2419.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2419.82","end_time":"2420.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.08","end_time":"2420.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.17","end_time":"2420.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.35","end_time":"2420.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.42","end_time":"2420.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.81","end_time":"2421.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2421.09","end_time":"2421.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.19","end_time":"2421.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.37","end_time":"2421.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.48","end_time":"2421.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.62","end_time":"2421.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.8","end_time":"2422.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.09","end_time":"2422.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.22","end_time":"2422.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"window"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.68","end_time":"2422.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.77","end_time":"2422.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.85","end_time":"2423.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bottom"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2423.76","end_time":"2423.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.96","end_time":"2424.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.17","end_time":"2424.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.43","end_time":"2424.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.54","end_time":"2424.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.77","end_time":"2425.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2425.19","end_time":"2426.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"surrounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2426.27","end_time":"2426.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7359","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2427.11","end_time":"2427.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6038","content":"helped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.43","end_time":"2428.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.24","end_time":"2428.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.37","end_time":"2428.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.52","end_time":"2428.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.61","end_time":"2428.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.83","end_time":"2428.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.91","end_time":"2428.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.98","end_time":"2429.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2429.48","end_time":"2429.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.727","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2429.79","end_time":"2430.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9013","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2430.49","end_time":"2430.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2430.63","end_time":"2430.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2430.79","end_time":"2430.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2430.88","end_time":"2430.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2430.99","end_time":"2431.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2431.25","end_time":"2431.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"exact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2431.6","end_time":"2432.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2432.16","end_time":"2432.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.32","end_time":"2432.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8117","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.43","end_time":"2432.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9656","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.64","end_time":"2432.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.7","end_time":"2432.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.91","end_time":"2433.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2433.1","end_time":"2433.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2433.19","end_time":"2433.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2434.04","end_time":"2434.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.29","end_time":"2434.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"whichever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.68","end_time":"2434.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.78","end_time":"2435.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prefer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2441.87","end_time":"2442.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.36","end_time":"2442.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.52","end_time":"2442.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.64","end_time":"2442.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.76","end_time":"2442.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.93","end_time":"2443.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2443.35","end_time":"2443.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2443.54","end_time":"2443.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2443.99","end_time":"2444.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2444.21","end_time":"2444.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2444.39","end_time":"2444.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2445.13","end_time":"2445.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.32","end_time":"2445.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.46","end_time":"2445.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.58","end_time":"2445.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.95","end_time":"2446.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.02","end_time":"2446.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.2","end_time":"2446.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.31","end_time":"2446.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.58","end_time":"2446.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.77","end_time":"2447.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2448.91","end_time":"2449.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.05","end_time":"2449.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.23","end_time":"2449.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.29","end_time":"2449.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.48","end_time":"2449.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9701","content":"seem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.75","end_time":"2450.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7269","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2450.04","end_time":"2450.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2451.11","end_time":"2451.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2451.49","end_time":"2451.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8919","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2451.72","end_time":"2451.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2451.93","end_time":"2452.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2452.45","end_time":"2452.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2452.67","end_time":"2453.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2453.14","end_time":"2453.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2453.58","end_time":"2453.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2453.79","end_time":"2454.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.06","end_time":"2454.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2455.06","end_time":"2455.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2455.39","end_time":"2455.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2455.54","end_time":"2455.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8513","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2455.62","end_time":"2455.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8307","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2455.71","end_time":"2456.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.02","end_time":"2456.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.2","end_time":"2456.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.54","end_time":"2456.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.79","end_time":"2456.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.9","end_time":"2457.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2457.95","end_time":"2458.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8356","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.28","end_time":"2458.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.64","end_time":"2458.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.73","end_time":"2458.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.95","end_time":"2459.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2459.13","end_time":"2459.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2459.19","end_time":"2459.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4271","content":"dio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2459.83","end_time":"2459.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2459.95","end_time":"2460.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2460.1","end_time":"2460.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2460.32","end_time":"2460.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.11","end_time":"2461.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"alphabetize"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.97","end_time":"2462.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2462.53","end_time":"2463.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2463.61","end_time":"2463.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"count"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2463.98","end_time":"2464.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2464.16","end_time":"2464.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2464.6","end_time":"2464.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unique"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2464.99","end_time":"2465.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2465.48","end_time":"2465.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2465.67","end_time":"2466.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2466.33","end_time":"2466.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2466.67","end_time":"2466.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2466.87","end_time":"2467.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2467.14","end_time":"2467.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9611","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2467.33","end_time":"2467.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.54","end_time":"2467.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.81","end_time":"2468.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2468.52","end_time":"2468.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2468.82","end_time":"2468.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2468.96","end_time":"2469.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2469.12","end_time":"2469.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2469.83","end_time":"2470.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.0","end_time":"2470.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.14","end_time":"2470.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2470.32","end_time":"2470.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2470.75","end_time":"2471.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2471.64","end_time":"2471.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2471.87","end_time":"2472.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.17","end_time":"2472.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.26","end_time":"2472.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.38","end_time":"2472.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.53","end_time":"2472.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.63","end_time":"2472.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.79","end_time":"2473.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2473.01","end_time":"2473.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2473.48","end_time":"2473.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2473.61","end_time":"2473.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2473.88","end_time":"2474.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instances"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2474.47","end_time":"2474.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2474.85","end_time":"2475.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2475.46","end_time":"2475.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2475.83","end_time":"2476.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.11","end_time":"2476.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9042","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.24","end_time":"2476.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9212","content":"you'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.37","end_time":"2476.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.64","end_time":"2476.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.7","end_time":"2476.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.81","end_time":"2477.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2477.01","end_time":"2477.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2477.12","end_time":"2477.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2477.33","end_time":"2477.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2477.53","end_time":"2477.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2477.75","end_time":"2478.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"listed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.06","end_time":"2478.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2478.7","end_time":"2479.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2479.3","end_time":"2479.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.66","end_time":"2479.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.85","end_time":"2479.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.96","end_time":"2480.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.06","end_time":"2480.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.25","end_time":"2480.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.36","end_time":"2480.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.46","end_time":"2480.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.75","end_time":"2481.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2481.31","end_time":"2481.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2481.7","end_time":"2482.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2482.04","end_time":"2482.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2482.4","end_time":"2482.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2482.62","end_time":"2483.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2483.21","end_time":"2483.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"packages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2483.95","end_time":"2484.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2484.07","end_time":"2484.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"libraries"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2484.89","end_time":"2484.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2484.98","end_time":"2485.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"modules"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2486.16","end_time":"2486.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2486.46","end_time":"2487.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2487.06","end_time":"2487.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.21","end_time":"2487.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9823","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.29","end_time":"2487.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.47","end_time":"2487.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.61","end_time":"2488.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"collections"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.23","end_time":"2488.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.33","end_time":"2489.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2489.18","end_time":"2489.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.36","end_time":"2489.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.46","end_time":"2489.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.66","end_time":"2489.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.8","end_time":"2490.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2490.37","end_time":"2490.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2490.9","end_time":"2491.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.16","end_time":"2491.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.45","end_time":"2491.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.58","end_time":"2492.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2492.26","end_time":"2492.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2492.5","end_time":"2492.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2492.7","end_time":"2492.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2492.86","end_time":"2493.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2493.08","end_time":"2493.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2493.18","end_time":"2493.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2493.36","end_time":"2493.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2493.65","end_time":"2493.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2493.79","end_time":"2494.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2494.23","end_time":"2494.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"pull"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2494.69","end_time":"2495.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.04","end_time":"2495.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.16","end_time":"2495.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.35","end_time":"2495.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"packages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.91","end_time":"2496.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2496.44","end_time":"2496.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2496.64","end_time":"2496.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2496.85","end_time":"2497.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2497.13","end_time":"2497.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2497.59","end_time":"2498.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2498.02","end_time":"2498.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2498.17","end_time":"2498.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2498.54","end_time":"2498.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2498.71","end_time":"2498.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2499.33","end_time":"2499.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2499.51","end_time":"2499.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2499.59","end_time":"2500.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2500.07","end_time":"2500.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2500.18","end_time":"2500.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2500.39","end_time":"2500.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2500.56","end_time":"2501.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.37","end_time":"2501.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.56","end_time":"2501.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.65","end_time":"2502.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2502.74","end_time":"2502.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9369","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2502.93","end_time":"2502.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2502.99","end_time":"2503.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.43","end_time":"2504.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2504.28","end_time":"2504.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.5","end_time":"2504.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.58","end_time":"2504.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.74","end_time":"2504.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.9","end_time":"2504.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.97","end_time":"2505.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collection"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2505.5","end_time":"2505.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2506.2","end_time":"2506.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2506.57","end_time":"2506.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2506.89","end_time":"2506.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2506.99","end_time":"2507.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2507.81","end_time":"2508.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8292","content":"wanna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.19","end_time":"2508.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.54","end_time":"2508.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.69","end_time":"2508.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.87","end_time":"2509.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2509.19","end_time":"2509.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2509.52","end_time":"2509.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2509.96","end_time":"2510.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2510.69","end_time":"2510.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9576","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2510.93","end_time":"2511.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.1","end_time":"2511.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9348","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.44","end_time":"2511.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.55","end_time":"2511.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"co"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.76","end_time":"2512.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.91","end_time":"2513.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"weren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2513.26","end_time":"2513.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2513.45","end_time":"2513.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2513.64","end_time":"2514.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2514.15","end_time":"2514.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2514.35","end_time":"2514.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2514.62","end_time":"2514.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2514.78","end_time":"2515.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2515.63","end_time":"2515.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2515.93","end_time":"2516.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.3","end_time":"2516.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.37","end_time":"2516.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.52","end_time":"2516.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.58","end_time":"2516.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2516.82","end_time":"2517.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2517.08","end_time":"2517.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2517.26","end_time":"2517.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2517.47","end_time":"2517.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2517.97","end_time":"2518.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2518.54","end_time":"2519.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2519.32","end_time":"2519.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2519.99","end_time":"2520.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"computes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.49","end_time":"2520.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.59","end_time":"2520.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7295","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.92","end_time":"2521.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7358","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.04","end_time":"2521.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8715","content":"coastline"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.5","end_time":"2521.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9581","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.65","end_time":"2521.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7812","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2521.77","end_time":"2521.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.9","end_time":"2522.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.0","end_time":"2522.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.15","end_time":"2522.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.55","end_time":"2522.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.83","end_time":"2523.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2523.17","end_time":"2523.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.22","end_time":"2523.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.7","end_time":"2524.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.93","end_time":"2525.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.13","end_time":"2525.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.577","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.49","end_time":"2525.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8354","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.71","end_time":"2525.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.79","end_time":"2525.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.9","end_time":"2526.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2526.07","end_time":"2526.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2526.31","end_time":"2526.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.07","end_time":"2527.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9627","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.29","end_time":"2527.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.7","end_time":"2528.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2528.28","end_time":"2528.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.14","end_time":"2529.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.47","end_time":"2529.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5824","content":"pi"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.75","end_time":"2530.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2530.19","end_time":"2530.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.07","end_time":"2531.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8025","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.27","end_time":"2531.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5879","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.48","end_time":"2531.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.7","end_time":"2532.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2532.17","end_time":"2532.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2532.61","end_time":"2533.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8376","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2533.95","end_time":"2534.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2534.86","end_time":"2535.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.09","end_time":"2535.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.36","end_time":"2535.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.47","end_time":"2535.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.61","end_time":"2535.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.79","end_time":"2535.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.87","end_time":"2536.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2536.18","end_time":"2536.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2536.57","end_time":"2537.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9355","content":"else's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.0","end_time":"2537.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8399","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.4","end_time":"2537.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9359","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.5","end_time":"2537.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8065","content":"co"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.68","end_time":"2537.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5238","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.9","end_time":"2538.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2538.29","end_time":"2538.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.38","end_time":"2538.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.51","end_time":"2538.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.6","end_time":"2538.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5149","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.71","end_time":"2538.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.91","end_time":"2539.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2539.13","end_time":"2539.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2540.0","end_time":"2540.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2540.23","end_time":"2540.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2540.44","end_time":"2540.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2540.64","end_time":"2540.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2540.71","end_time":"2540.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2540.79","end_time":"2541.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"form"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2541.04","end_time":"2541.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2541.18","end_time":"2541.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2541.39","end_time":"2542.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"modules"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2542.52","end_time":"2542.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2542.68","end_time":"2542.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2542.87","end_time":"2543.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9486","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.07","end_time":"2543.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2544.26","end_time":"2544.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2544.73","end_time":"2545.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collection"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.29","end_time":"2545.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.4","end_time":"2545.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.87","end_time":"2545.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.97","end_time":"2546.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2546.17","end_time":"2546.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2546.24","end_time":"2546.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.4","end_time":"2547.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.64","end_time":"2547.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.81","end_time":"2547.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.89","end_time":"2547.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.98","end_time":"2548.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2548.45","end_time":"2549.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2549.47","end_time":"2549.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2549.67","end_time":"2549.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2549.89","end_time":"2550.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2550.02","end_time":"2550.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2550.14","end_time":"2550.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2550.34","end_time":"2550.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2550.42","end_time":"2551.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.05","end_time":"2551.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.4","end_time":"2551.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.46","end_time":"2551.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.54","end_time":"2551.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.99","end_time":"2552.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2552.17","end_time":"2552.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2552.37","end_time":"2553.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"packages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2553.4","end_time":"2553.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2553.55","end_time":"2553.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2553.78","end_time":"2553.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2553.87","end_time":"2554.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.24","end_time":"2554.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.38","end_time":"2554.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.46","end_time":"2555.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2555.65","end_time":"2555.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2555.83","end_time":"2555.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7752","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2555.89","end_time":"2556.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.57","end_time":"2556.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.73","end_time":"2556.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.81","end_time":"2557.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.01","end_time":"2557.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.12","end_time":"2557.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.2","end_time":"2557.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.65","end_time":"2557.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.99","end_time":"2558.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.18","end_time":"2558.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2559.1","end_time":"2559.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.24","end_time":"2559.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8992","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.37","end_time":"2559.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.49","end_time":"2559.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9691","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.64","end_time":"2559.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.92","end_time":"2560.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2562.73","end_time":"2563.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2563.4","end_time":"2564.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2565.19","end_time":"2565.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2565.33","end_time":"2565.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.595","content":"mass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2565.72","end_time":"2566.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.2","end_time":"2566.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.32","end_time":"2566.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.48","end_time":"2566.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.56","end_time":"2566.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.82","end_time":"2567.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2567.21","end_time":"2567.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2567.66","end_time":"2567.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7344","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2567.9","end_time":"2568.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8495","content":"Lost"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2568.12","end_time":"2568.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"People"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2568.35","end_time":"2568.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7334","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2568.67","end_time":"2568.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8966","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2568.8","end_time":"2568.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2568.92","end_time":"2569.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2569.07","end_time":"2569.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2569.32","end_time":"2569.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2569.41","end_time":"2570.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2570.62","end_time":"2570.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2570.83","end_time":"2570.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2570.94","end_time":"2571.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2571.33","end_time":"2571.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2571.64","end_time":"2572.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2572.16","end_time":"2572.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2573.15","end_time":"2573.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.28","end_time":"2573.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.65","end_time":"2573.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.88","end_time":"2574.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2574.01","end_time":"2574.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2574.43","end_time":"2574.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2574.57","end_time":"2574.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2574.72","end_time":"2574.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2574.82","end_time":"2575.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.14","end_time":"2575.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.27","end_time":"2575.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.42","end_time":"2575.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.72","end_time":"2576.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"accessible"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.33","end_time":"2576.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.43","end_time":"2576.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.58","end_time":"2576.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.64","end_time":"2576.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.83","end_time":"2577.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2577.09","end_time":"2577.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2577.24","end_time":"2577.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2577.51","end_time":"2577.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2577.99","end_time":"2578.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2578.8","end_time":"2579.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2579.0","end_time":"2579.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2579.1","end_time":"2579.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2579.21","end_time":"2579.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2579.54","end_time":"2579.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2579.76","end_time":"2580.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2580.04","end_time":"2580.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2580.46","end_time":"2580.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2580.63","end_time":"2581.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2583.25","end_time":"2583.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8095","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.4","end_time":"2584.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.93","end_time":"2585.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.2","end_time":"2586.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.43","end_time":"2586.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.64","end_time":"2586.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.73","end_time":"2587.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.06","end_time":"2587.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9419","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.28","end_time":"2587.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.46","end_time":"2587.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.71","end_time":"2587.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.78","end_time":"2588.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2588.19","end_time":"2588.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.28","end_time":"2588.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.44","end_time":"2588.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.53","end_time":"2588.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.8","end_time":"2588.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.93","end_time":"2589.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2589.01","end_time":"2589.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2593.1","end_time":"2593.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2593.45","end_time":"2593.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8669","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2594.28","end_time":"2594.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2594.56","end_time":"2594.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2595.11","end_time":"2595.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9478","content":"Use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.43","end_time":"2595.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.53","end_time":"2595.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.73","end_time":"2595.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.83","end_time":"2595.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.91","end_time":"2596.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2596.45","end_time":"2597.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.06","end_time":"2597.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.21","end_time":"2597.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.42","end_time":"2597.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.52","end_time":"2597.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.61","end_time":"2598.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2598.72","end_time":"2599.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2599.01","end_time":"2599.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.49","end_time":"2599.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.57","end_time":"2599.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.78","end_time":"2600.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.01","end_time":"2600.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.26","end_time":"2600.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.45","end_time":"2600.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.54","end_time":"2600.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.82","end_time":"2601.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.17","end_time":"2601.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.27","end_time":"2601.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9273","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.45","end_time":"2601.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9066","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.51","end_time":"2601.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9808","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.87","end_time":"2602.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2602.08","end_time":"2602.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2602.19","end_time":"2602.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2602.48","end_time":"2602.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2602.69","end_time":"2603.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2603.1","end_time":"2603.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.0","end_time":"2604.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.19","end_time":"2604.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.33","end_time":"2604.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.43","end_time":"2604.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.73","end_time":"2605.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"tab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2606.2","end_time":"2606.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9665","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2606.34","end_time":"2606.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2606.61","end_time":"2606.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2606.81","end_time":"2607.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2608.2","end_time":"2608.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2609.69","end_time":"2609.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2609.97","end_time":"2610.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2610.24","end_time":"2610.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2610.33","end_time":"2610.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2610.89","end_time":"2611.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9343","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2611.28","end_time":"2611.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"co"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2611.58","end_time":"2612.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2613.09","end_time":"2614.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8247","content":"ceiling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2615.01","end_time":"2615.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9836","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2615.31","end_time":"2615.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2615.38","end_time":"2615.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2615.65","end_time":"2615.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2615.79","end_time":"2615.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2615.93","end_time":"2616.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2616.27","end_time":"2616.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.49","end_time":"2616.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.65","end_time":"2616.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.73","end_time":"2617.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2617.32","end_time":"2617.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2617.49","end_time":"2617.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8673","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2617.68","end_time":"2617.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2617.75","end_time":"2617.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2617.98","end_time":"2618.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.2","end_time":"2618.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.36","end_time":"2618.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.61","end_time":"2618.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.78","end_time":"2619.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2620.5","end_time":"2620.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2620.8","end_time":"2620.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.88","end_time":"2621.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9276","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.08","end_time":"2621.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.44","end_time":"2622.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"typing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2622.7","end_time":"2623.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.1","end_time":"2623.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.16","end_time":"2623.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.31","end_time":"2623.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.45","end_time":"2623.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.63","end_time":"2623.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.8","end_time":"2624.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2624.57","end_time":"2624.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2624.93","end_time":"2625.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9396","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.13","end_time":"2625.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9396","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.2","end_time":"2625.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.48","end_time":"2625.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2625.6","end_time":"2625.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.91","end_time":"2626.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2626.09","end_time":"2626.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2627.02","end_time":"2627.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Radiance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2627.56","end_time":"2627.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9536","content":"Two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.67","end_time":"2628.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2628.61","end_time":"2629.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2629.31","end_time":"2629.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.47","end_time":"2629.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.54","end_time":"2629.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.67","end_time":"2630.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2630.6","end_time":"2630.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2630.8","end_time":"2630.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9763","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2630.9","end_time":"2631.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.06","end_time":"2631.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.15","end_time":"2631.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.49","end_time":"2631.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2631.7","end_time":"2631.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.85","end_time":"2632.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.0","end_time":"2632.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.04","end_time":"2632.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.25","end_time":"2632.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.36","end_time":"2632.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.49","end_time":"2632.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.79","end_time":"2633.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2633.63","end_time":"2633.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9595","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2633.99","end_time":"2634.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"Converts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.46","end_time":"2634.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.56","end_time":"2634.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"angle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.84","end_time":"2635.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2635.06","end_time":"2635.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"radiance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2635.53","end_time":"2635.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9669","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2635.65","end_time":"2636.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2637.3","end_time":"2637.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7878","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2637.38","end_time":"2637.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9166","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2638.2","end_time":"2638.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2872","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.31","end_time":"2638.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.52","end_time":"2638.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.78","end_time":"2638.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2639.25","end_time":"2639.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9801","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2639.48","end_time":"2639.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7304","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2640.09","end_time":"2640.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2640.39","end_time":"2640.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2640.71","end_time":"2641.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2641.78","end_time":"2642.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6897","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2643.94","end_time":"2644.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2644.36","end_time":"2644.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2644.44","end_time":"2644.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2644.54","end_time":"2644.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2644.63","end_time":"2644.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2748","content":"tie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2644.83","end_time":"2645.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3028","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2645.23","end_time":"2645.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.69","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2646.26","end_time":"2646.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2646.34","end_time":"2646.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2646.54","end_time":"2646.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2646.64","end_time":"2647.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2647.01","end_time":"2647.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2647.27","end_time":"2648.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.14"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.08","end_time":"2648.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.2","end_time":"2648.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.4","end_time":"2648.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.65","end_time":"2648.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.96","end_time":"2649.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8862","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2650.27","end_time":"2650.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2650.53","end_time":"2650.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2650.61","end_time":"2650.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2650.7","end_time":"2650.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2650.97","end_time":"2651.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.24","end_time":"2651.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7493","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.38","end_time":"2651.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7493","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.44","end_time":"2651.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.65","end_time":"2651.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.85","end_time":"2652.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"80"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2652.99","end_time":"2653.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2653.24","end_time":"2653.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2653.34","end_time":"2653.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2654.15","end_time":"2654.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2654.31","end_time":"2654.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3916","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2654.43","end_time":"2654.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6323","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2654.63","end_time":"2654.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2654.81","end_time":"2654.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2654.9","end_time":"2655.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2655.02","end_time":"2655.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"digits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2655.32","end_time":"2655.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2655.41","end_time":"2655.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"pi"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2655.64","end_time":"2655.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6839","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2655.75","end_time":"2655.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2655.84","end_time":"2656.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5938","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2656.04","end_time":"2656.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2656.24","end_time":"2656.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2656.36","end_time":"2656.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2657.05","end_time":"2657.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2658.39","end_time":"2658.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2658.77","end_time":"2659.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4682","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2659.05","end_time":"2659.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6485","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2659.24","end_time":"2659.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7729","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2660.46","end_time":"2660.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2660.57","end_time":"2660.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2660.96","end_time":"2661.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2661.32","end_time":"2661.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2661.5","end_time":"2662.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exists"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.06","end_time":"2662.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.44","end_time":"2662.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.61","end_time":"2662.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.91","end_time":"2663.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9537","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2663.36","end_time":"2663.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9164","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2663.52","end_time":"2663.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2663.59","end_time":"2664.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"constant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.33","end_time":"2664.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9363","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.63","end_time":"2664.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.81","end_time":"2665.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2666.04","end_time":"2666.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.97","end_time":"2667.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2667.16","end_time":"2667.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2667.23","end_time":"2667.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2667.43","end_time":"2667.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2667.82","end_time":"2668.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.08","end_time":"2668.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7667","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2668.4","end_time":"2668.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.61","end_time":"2668.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9431","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.73","end_time":"2668.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9431","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.79","end_time":"2668.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.99","end_time":"2669.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2669.14","end_time":"2669.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2670.23","end_time":"2670.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2670.38","end_time":"2670.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2670.81","end_time":"2671.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.05","end_time":"2671.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"pi"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2672.29","end_time":"2672.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2672.64","end_time":"2672.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2672.74","end_time":"2673.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2673.03","end_time":"2673.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2673.88","end_time":"2674.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5384","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2674.21","end_time":"2674.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"radiance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2674.75","end_time":"2674.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2674.87","end_time":"2674.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2674.97","end_time":"2675.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2675.22","end_time":"2675.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2675.31","end_time":"2675.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9626","content":"180"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2675.9","end_time":"2676.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2680.29","end_time":"2680.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2680.6","end_time":"2680.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2680.84","end_time":"2681.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2681.2","end_time":"2681.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2681.52","end_time":"2682.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2682.01","end_time":"2682.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.11","end_time":"2682.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2683.57","end_time":"2683.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.74","end_time":"2684.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2684.05","end_time":"2684.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9581","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2684.35","end_time":"2685.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2687.19","end_time":"2688.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2690.69","end_time":"2690.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2690.99","end_time":"2691.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2691.14","end_time":"2691.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2691.29","end_time":"2691.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2691.71","end_time":"2691.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2691.92","end_time":"2692.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2692.38","end_time":"2692.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2692.73","end_time":"2693.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2693.25","end_time":"2693.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2693.52","end_time":"2693.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2693.85","end_time":"2693.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2693.99","end_time":"2694.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2694.2","end_time":"2694.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6179","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2698.75","end_time":"2698.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2698.96","end_time":"2699.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.08","end_time":"2699.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2699.32","end_time":"2699.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.55","end_time":"2700.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.14","end_time":"2700.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9604","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.25","end_time":"2700.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9589","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.34","end_time":"2700.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2701.19","end_time":"2701.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2705.05","end_time":"2705.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4837","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.33","end_time":"2705.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8727","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.69","end_time":"2705.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.78","end_time":"2706.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7189","content":"base"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.01","end_time":"2706.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7546","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.1","end_time":"2706.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4409","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2706.29","end_time":"2706.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9182","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2706.51","end_time":"2706.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7472","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.71","end_time":"2706.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.93","end_time":"2707.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"Matthew"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2707.33","end_time":"2707.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2707.45","end_time":"2707.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9837","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2707.63","end_time":"2707.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.09","end_time":"2709.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9568","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.66","end_time":"2709.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8165","content":"base"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2710.0","end_time":"2710.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6678","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2710.44","end_time":"2711.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9498","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2711.49","end_time":"2712.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2713.19","end_time":"2713.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.49","end_time":"2713.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.6","end_time":"2713.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.82","end_time":"2714.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2714.69","end_time":"2714.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2714.96","end_time":"2715.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2715.06","end_time":"2715.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2716.97","end_time":"2717.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9338","content":"Bye"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2718.79","end_time":"2719.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2719.3","end_time":"2719.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2719.41","end_time":"2719.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2719.49","end_time":"2720.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"documentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2721.85","end_time":"2722.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2722.15","end_time":"2722.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2722.66","end_time":"2722.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2722.92","end_time":"2723.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.26","end_time":"2723.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.42","end_time":"2723.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.47","end_time":"2723.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.84","end_time":"2724.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2724.46","end_time":"2724.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9641","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2725.12","end_time":"2725.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9425","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2725.34","end_time":"2725.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2725.68","end_time":"2726.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2726.08","end_time":"2726.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2726.18","end_time":"2726.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5585","content":"base"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2726.49","end_time":"2726.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6976","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2726.62","end_time":"2727.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2727.14","end_time":"2727.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2727.32","end_time":"2727.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9677","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2727.49","end_time":"2727.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2727.71","end_time":"2728.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"square"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2728.07","end_time":"2728.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"braces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2729.01","end_time":"2729.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9463","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2729.85","end_time":"2730.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.05","end_time":"2730.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.16","end_time":"2730.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9064","content":"base"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.4","end_time":"2730.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7838","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.52","end_time":"2730.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.74","end_time":"2731.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specified"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2731.43","end_time":"2731.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2731.53","end_time":"2731.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"uses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2731.92","end_time":"2732.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8954","content":"Basie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2732.55","end_time":"2733.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"uses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2733.06","end_time":"2733.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"natural"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2733.53","end_time":"2734.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"walk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2734.47","end_time":"2734.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9607","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2735.96","end_time":"2736.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2736.29","end_time":"2736.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2736.38","end_time":"2736.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2736.65","end_time":"2736.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2736.91","end_time":"2737.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2737.79","end_time":"2738.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.01","end_time":"2738.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.33","end_time":"2738.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.78","end_time":"2738.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.93","end_time":"2739.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2742.79","end_time":"2742.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2742.99","end_time":"2743.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2743.06","end_time":"2743.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2743.38","end_time":"2743.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7615","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2743.72","end_time":"2743.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2743.87","end_time":"2744.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2744.12","end_time":"2744.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2744.35","end_time":"2744.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8568","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2744.74","end_time":"2744.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2744.89","end_time":"2744.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2744.98","end_time":"2745.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sake"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.29","end_time":"2745.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.39","end_time":"2745.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"showing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.79","end_time":"2746.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2746.34","end_time":"2746.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2746.59","end_time":"2746.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2746.94","end_time":"2747.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2747.25","end_time":"2747.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.794","content":"modules"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2747.73","end_time":"2748.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2748.22","end_time":"2748.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2748.73","end_time":"2748.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.929","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2748.99","end_time":"2749.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.26","end_time":"2749.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.59","end_time":"2750.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"modules"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.04","end_time":"2750.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.3","end_time":"2750.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.45","end_time":"2750.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8995","content":"whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.78","end_time":"2750.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.89","end_time":"2751.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2754.49","end_time":"2755.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2755.23","end_time":"2755.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2755.33","end_time":"2755.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2755.51","end_time":"2755.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2755.71","end_time":"2755.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2755.99","end_time":"2756.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2758.86","end_time":"2759.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2759.02","end_time":"2759.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2759.15","end_time":"2759.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2759.21","end_time":"2759.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2759.47","end_time":"2759.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2759.58","end_time":"2759.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2759.76","end_time":"2759.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2759.85","end_time":"2760.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2760.39","end_time":"2760.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2760.59","end_time":"2761.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2762.87","end_time":"2763.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2763.1","end_time":"2763.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2763.2","end_time":"2763.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2763.48","end_time":"2763.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.714","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2764.48","end_time":"2764.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2764.65","end_time":"2764.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2764.71","end_time":"2764.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2764.96","end_time":"2765.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.13","end_time":"2765.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.25","end_time":"2765.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2765.64","end_time":"2765.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7612","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.76","end_time":"2765.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.99","end_time":"2766.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.08","end_time":"2766.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.37","end_time":"2766.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.56","end_time":"2766.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.64","end_time":"2767.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2768.24","end_time":"2768.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2768.42","end_time":"2768.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"provides"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2768.89","end_time":"2769.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2769.39","end_time":"2769.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2769.53","end_time":"2770.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8408","content":"mathematical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2770.17","end_time":"2770.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2770.95","end_time":"2771.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2771.14","end_time":"2771.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2771.23","end_time":"2771.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2771.34","end_time":"2771.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2771.5","end_time":"2771.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2771.84","end_time":"2772.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4806","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.06","end_time":"2772.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4803","content":"broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.34","end_time":"2772.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"description"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.77","end_time":"2772.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.85","end_time":"2773.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2773.01","end_time":"2773.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2773.09","end_time":"2773.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2773.48","end_time":"2773.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2774.68","end_time":"2774.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2774.89","end_time":"2775.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2775.03","end_time":"2775.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2775.12","end_time":"2775.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2777.18","end_time":"2777.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7898","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2778.09","end_time":"2778.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.38","end_time":"2778.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.61","end_time":"2778.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.72","end_time":"2778.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.82","end_time":"2778.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.99","end_time":"2779.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2780.58","end_time":"2780.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2780.82","end_time":"2781.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.04","end_time":"2781.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2782.14","end_time":"2782.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9553","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2782.5","end_time":"2783.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2791.78","end_time":"2792.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.05","end_time":"2792.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9441","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.23","end_time":"2792.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"frequency"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.7","end_time":"2792.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.89","end_time":"2793.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.702","content":"BC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2811.87","end_time":"2812.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.03","end_time":"2812.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.1","end_time":"2812.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.26","end_time":"2812.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.55","end_time":"2812.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.67","end_time":"2812.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.78","end_time":"2813.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2813.11","end_time":"2813.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2813.26","end_time":"2813.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7202","content":"ass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2813.44","end_time":"2813.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2813.76","end_time":"2814.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"nearby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2856.98","end_time":"2857.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7898","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2858.08","end_time":"2858.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2858.25","end_time":"2858.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2858.69","end_time":"2858.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2858.81","end_time":"2859.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.0","end_time":"2859.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.2","end_time":"2859.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9578","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.43","end_time":"2859.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9176","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.73","end_time":"2859.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7729","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2860.0","end_time":"2860.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.722","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2860.34","end_time":"2860.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2861.44","end_time":"2861.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.61","end_time":"2861.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.9","end_time":"2862.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.03","end_time":"2862.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.14","end_time":"2862.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.23","end_time":"2862.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.56","end_time":"2862.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.868","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.63","end_time":"2862.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.79","end_time":"2862.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.85","end_time":"2863.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9349","content":"guest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2863.12","end_time":"2863.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"For"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2863.25","end_time":"2863.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2863.37","end_time":"2863.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2863.44","end_time":"2863.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.3","end_time":"2865.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2866.31","end_time":"2866.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2866.43","end_time":"2866.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2866.81","end_time":"2867.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.12","end_time":"2867.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.41","end_time":"2867.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.52","end_time":"2867.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.62","end_time":"2867.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.82","end_time":"2868.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2868.07","end_time":"2868.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2868.29","end_time":"2868.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.4","end_time":"2868.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6056","content":"learned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.6","end_time":"2868.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.68","end_time":"2869.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.03","end_time":"2869.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"star"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.62","end_time":"2869.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.74","end_time":"2870.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exponents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2870.84","end_time":"2871.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.07","end_time":"2871.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.25","end_time":"2871.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.39","end_time":"2871.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.67","end_time":"2871.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.97","end_time":"2872.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4309","content":"Pao"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2872.29","end_time":"2872.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2872.62","end_time":"2873.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5494","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2873.1","end_time":"2873.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2874.23","end_time":"2874.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2874.36","end_time":"2874.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2874.72","end_time":"2874.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2874.91","end_time":"2875.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.16","end_time":"2875.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.33","end_time":"2875.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"base"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.92","end_time":"2876.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.09","end_time":"2876.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.18","end_time":"2876.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exponents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2876.65","end_time":"2876.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4126","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.74","end_time":"2876.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.82","end_time":"2877.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"2nd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.1","end_time":"2877.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.24","end_time":"2877.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.42","end_time":"2877.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.58","end_time":"2877.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9479","content":"export"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.96","end_time":"2878.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.714","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2878.02","end_time":"2878.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2884.16","end_time":"2884.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2885.38","end_time":"2885.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2885.52","end_time":"2885.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2886.53","end_time":"2886.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2886.62","end_time":"2887.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.51","end_time":"2887.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.61","end_time":"2887.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.74","end_time":"2887.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.88","end_time":"2887.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.99","end_time":"2888.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2888.05","end_time":"2888.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2888.26","end_time":"2888.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"behind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2888.48","end_time":"2888.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2888.55","end_time":"2889.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scenes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2890.06","end_time":"2890.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2890.35","end_time":"2890.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2890.46","end_time":"2890.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2890.72","end_time":"2891.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9334","content":"essentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.14","end_time":"2891.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.24","end_time":"2891.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.48","end_time":"2891.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2891.9","end_time":"2892.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.08","end_time":"2892.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.19","end_time":"2892.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.592","content":"Alfa"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.48","end_time":"2892.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.65","end_time":"2892.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.76","end_time":"2892.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.87","end_time":"2893.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2893.67","end_time":"2894.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2894.12","end_time":"2894.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2906.47","end_time":"2906.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9318","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2906.61","end_time":"2906.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9318","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2906.76","end_time":"2907.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2907.22","end_time":"2907.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2907.64","end_time":"2907.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2907.75","end_time":"2907.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5925","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2907.88","end_time":"2907.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5902","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2907.94","end_time":"2908.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2908.23","end_time":"2908.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9628","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2908.31","end_time":"2908.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6086","content":"pole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2909.68","end_time":"2909.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2909.82","end_time":"2909.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2909.95","end_time":"2910.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.08","end_time":"2910.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.34","end_time":"2910.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2911.15","end_time":"2911.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2911.28","end_time":"2911.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"answers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2915.35","end_time":"2915.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9118","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2915.51","end_time":"2915.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9118","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2915.86","end_time":"2915.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2915.99","end_time":"2916.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7803","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.16","end_time":"2916.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.42","end_time":"2916.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.6","end_time":"2916.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2923.57","end_time":"2923.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4771","content":"OK"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2924.0","end_time":"2924.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8659","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2924.3","end_time":"2924.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2924.42","end_time":"2924.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2924.5","end_time":"2925.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"definite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.02","end_time":"2925.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2925.57","end_time":"2925.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.73","end_time":"2925.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.81","end_time":"2926.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2927.05","end_time":"2927.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2927.19","end_time":"2927.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2927.45","end_time":"2927.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6849","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2927.81","end_time":"2928.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2928.38","end_time":"2928.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2928.52","end_time":"2928.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2928.61","end_time":"2928.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7339","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2928.85","end_time":"2929.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.01","end_time":"2929.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.09","end_time":"2929.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.45","end_time":"2929.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.77","end_time":"2929.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.87","end_time":"2930.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2930.29","end_time":"2930.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2931.87","end_time":"2932.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9665","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.04","end_time":"2932.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9665","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2932.35","end_time":"2932.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"People"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.79","end_time":"2933.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2933.09","end_time":"2933.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2933.29","end_time":"2933.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2933.52","end_time":"2933.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5685","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2933.75","end_time":"2933.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2933.87","end_time":"2933.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2933.94","end_time":"2934.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2934.7","end_time":"2934.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2934.96","end_time":"2935.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2935.05","end_time":"2935.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9221","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2935.18","end_time":"2935.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9221","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2935.25","end_time":"2935.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9557","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2935.47","end_time":"2935.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2935.69","end_time":"2935.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6883","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2935.87","end_time":"2936.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.17","end_time":"2936.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"acts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2936.53","end_time":"2936.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.68","end_time":"2936.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.91","end_time":"2937.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2937.94","end_time":"2938.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2938.1","end_time":"2938.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2938.21","end_time":"2938.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2938.8","end_time":"2939.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.05","end_time":"2940.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9508","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2941.01","end_time":"2941.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.21","end_time":"2941.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.3","end_time":"2941.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.47","end_time":"2941.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.66","end_time":"2942.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2942.03","end_time":"2942.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"nine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2943.37","end_time":"2944.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7901","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2945.02","end_time":"2945.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2903","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.55","end_time":"2945.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.82","end_time":"2946.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2946.15","end_time":"2947.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"votes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2947.07","end_time":"2947.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4537","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2947.33","end_time":"2947.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2947.61","end_time":"2947.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2947.9","end_time":"2948.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"votes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2948.36","end_time":"2948.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2948.54","end_time":"2948.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2948.77","end_time":"2949.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2949.11","end_time":"2949.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2949.22","end_time":"2949.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2949.39","end_time":"2949.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2949.49","end_time":"2949.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2949.6","end_time":"2949.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"above"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2949.93","end_time":"2950.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5621","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2950.78","end_time":"2951.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2951.05","end_time":"2951.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2951.98","end_time":"2952.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2952.24","end_time":"2952.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6458","content":"programmed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2952.95","end_time":"2953.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2953.2","end_time":"2953.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8538","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2953.49","end_time":"2953.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9827","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2953.53","end_time":"2953.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6992","content":"typed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2953.82","end_time":"2953.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9561","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2953.95","end_time":"2954.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2954.1","end_time":"2954.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"ahead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2954.28","end_time":"2954.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2954.37","end_time":"2954.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2955.14","end_time":"2955.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2955.36","end_time":"2955.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2955.46","end_time":"2955.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9523","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2955.62","end_time":"2955.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.863","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2955.86","end_time":"2956.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9651","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2956.13","end_time":"2956.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2958.77","end_time":"2958.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8966","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2958.98","end_time":"2959.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2959.11","end_time":"2959.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2959.25","end_time":"2959.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2959.37","end_time":"2959.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2960.77","end_time":"2960.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.97","end_time":"2961.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2961.16","end_time":"2961.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2961.29","end_time":"2961.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2961.7","end_time":"2962.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2962.3","end_time":"2962.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2962.44","end_time":"2962.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9724","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2962.54","end_time":"2963.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9318","content":"defined"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2964.28","end_time":"2964.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.52","end_time":"2964.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.71","end_time":"2964.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.81","end_time":"2964.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.92","end_time":"2965.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.4","end_time":"2965.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.76","end_time":"2965.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.91","end_time":"2966.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"supposed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.19","end_time":"2966.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.25","end_time":"2966.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.4","end_time":"2966.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.65","end_time":"2967.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2967.08","end_time":"2967.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2967.21","end_time":"2967.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2967.3","end_time":"2967.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2967.51","end_time":"2967.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2967.61","end_time":"2968.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2969.16","end_time":"2969.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2969.46","end_time":"2969.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2969.74","end_time":"2970.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2970.56","end_time":"2970.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2970.9","end_time":"2970.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9811","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2970.97","end_time":"2971.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2971.06","end_time":"2971.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2971.39","end_time":"2971.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.851","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2971.63","end_time":"2971.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2971.79","end_time":"2971.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2971.94","end_time":"2972.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2973.57","end_time":"2974.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6889","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2978.12","end_time":"2978.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2978.39","end_time":"2978.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.58","end_time":"2978.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.66","end_time":"2978.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9206","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2978.83","end_time":"2978.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.97","end_time":"2979.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2979.09","end_time":"2979.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2979.37","end_time":"2979.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2979.45","end_time":"2979.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9395","content":"color"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2979.9","end_time":"2980.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.17","end_time":"2980.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.41","end_time":"2980.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.62","end_time":"2980.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.71","end_time":"2980.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2980.93","end_time":"2981.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2981.29","end_time":"2981.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2981.4","end_time":"2981.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9777","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2981.62","end_time":"2981.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2982.37","end_time":"2982.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2982.62","end_time":"2982.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2982.82","end_time":"2983.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2983.03","end_time":"2983.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9377","content":"red"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2985.26","end_time":"2985.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7889","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2986.32","end_time":"2986.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2986.62","end_time":"2986.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2986.92","end_time":"2986.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2986.99","end_time":"2987.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2988.17","end_time":"2988.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2988.43","end_time":"2988.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2988.58","end_time":"2988.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tricky"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2988.94","end_time":"2989.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"though"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2989.17","end_time":"2989.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2989.33","end_time":"2989.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2989.47","end_time":"2989.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tricky"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2991.17","end_time":"2991.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.38","end_time":"2991.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.54","end_time":"2991.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.6","end_time":"2991.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.82","end_time":"2992.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2992.75","end_time":"2993.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2993.13","end_time":"2993.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.27","end_time":"2993.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.45","end_time":"2993.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.65","end_time":"2993.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.91","end_time":"2994.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2995.12","end_time":"2995.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9787","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.35","end_time":"2995.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.65","end_time":"2995.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.9","end_time":"2996.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2996.33","end_time":"2996.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6457","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2997.13","end_time":"2997.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2997.45","end_time":"2997.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2997.76","end_time":"2997.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2997.92","end_time":"2998.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3001.76","end_time":"3002.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9448","content":"Best"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3005.26","end_time":"3005.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.63","end_time":"3005.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9535","content":"parts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.93","end_time":"3006.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5977","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.22","end_time":"3006.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4789","content":"turn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.46","end_time":"3006.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.6","end_time":"3006.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.71","end_time":"3007.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8394","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3010.66","end_time":"3011.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3011.33","end_time":"3011.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3011.54","end_time":"3011.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3011.75","end_time":"3012.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3013.93","end_time":"3014.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3014.17","end_time":"3014.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3014.38","end_time":"3014.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9679","content":"round"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3014.91","end_time":"3015.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3016.56","end_time":"3017.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3017.21","end_time":"3017.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9356","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3017.36","end_time":"3017.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"4"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3017.62","end_time":"3018.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3021.76","end_time":"3022.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3022.63","end_time":"3022.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3022.83","end_time":"3023.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3023.05","end_time":"3023.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3023.19","end_time":"3023.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3023.49","end_time":"3023.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"you'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3023.62","end_time":"3023.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3023.86","end_time":"3023.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3023.94","end_time":"3024.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9571","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3024.63","end_time":"3024.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3025.17","end_time":"3025.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3025.31","end_time":"3025.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3025.42","end_time":"3025.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3025.61","end_time":"3025.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9724","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3025.76","end_time":"3026.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7252","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3026.04","end_time":"3026.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.442","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3027.13","end_time":"3027.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3027.67","end_time":"3027.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3027.86","end_time":"3028.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3028.12","end_time":"3028.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3028.52","end_time":"3028.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3028.89","end_time":"3029.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3029.39","end_time":"3029.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3029.93","end_time":"3030.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3030.1","end_time":"3030.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3030.35","end_time":"3030.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3030.48","end_time":"3030.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3030.54","end_time":"3030.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3032.46","end_time":"3032.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3036.57","end_time":"3036.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3036.98","end_time":"3037.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3037.24","end_time":"3037.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6641","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3037.51","end_time":"3037.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3037.72","end_time":"3038.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3038.02","end_time":"3038.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3038.52","end_time":"3038.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3040.26","end_time":"3040.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3040.38","end_time":"3040.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7806","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3040.87","end_time":"3041.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3041.96","end_time":"3042.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3042.28","end_time":"3042.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3042.5","end_time":"3042.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"giving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3042.77","end_time":"3042.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3042.9","end_time":"3043.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3043.16","end_time":"3043.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3043.96","end_time":"3044.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3044.23","end_time":"3044.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"Max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3045.26","end_time":"3045.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3045.55","end_time":"3045.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"wants"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3045.87","end_time":"3046.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3046.04","end_time":"3046.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"several"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3046.38","end_time":"3046.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3046.74","end_time":"3046.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3046.83","end_time":"3047.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"choose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3047.11","end_time":"3047.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3047.19","end_time":"3047.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"largest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3047.76","end_time":"3047.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7036","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3047.96","end_time":"3048.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3049.72","end_time":"3049.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3049.94","end_time":"3050.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3050.05","end_time":"3050.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3050.26","end_time":"3050.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3050.4","end_time":"3050.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3060.36","end_time":"3060.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3060.61","end_time":"3060.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3060.75","end_time":"3060.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3060.93","end_time":"3061.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3061.03","end_time":"3061.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3061.34","end_time":"3061.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3061.45","end_time":"3061.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3061.64","end_time":"3062.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9785","content":"Max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3062.07","end_time":"3062.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3062.34","end_time":"3062.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3062.46","end_time":"3062.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3062.56","end_time":"3062.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6174","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3062.69","end_time":"3062.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6174","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3062.75","end_time":"3062.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3062.94","end_time":"3063.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3063.02","end_time":"3063.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"isolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3063.6","end_time":"3064.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3064.28","end_time":"3064.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3064.49","end_time":"3064.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3064.66","end_time":"3064.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3064.79","end_time":"3064.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3064.95","end_time":"3065.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.07","end_time":"3065.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.23","end_time":"3065.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.36","end_time":"3065.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9302","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.58","end_time":"3065.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.9","end_time":"3066.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3067.43","end_time":"3067.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3067.83","end_time":"3068.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.04","end_time":"3068.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.19","end_time":"3068.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.32","end_time":"3068.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.46","end_time":"3068.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.69","end_time":"3068.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"comes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.97","end_time":"3069.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3069.52","end_time":"3069.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3069.73","end_time":"3070.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3070.0","end_time":"3070.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9735","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3070.58","end_time":"3071.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3071.25","end_time":"3071.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3071.36","end_time":"3071.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3071.48","end_time":"3071.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3071.72","end_time":"3072.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"message"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3072.09","end_time":"3072.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3072.29","end_time":"3072.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3072.58","end_time":"3072.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3072.79","end_time":"3073.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.1","end_time":"3073.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.17","end_time":"3073.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3073.92","end_time":"3074.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3075.16","end_time":"3075.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3075.56","end_time":"3075.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3075.7","end_time":"3075.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3075.9","end_time":"3076.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3076.09","end_time":"3076.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3076.5","end_time":"3077.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"experience"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3077.09","end_time":"3077.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3077.18","end_time":"3077.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3077.37","end_time":"3077.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3077.5","end_time":"3077.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3077.97","end_time":"3078.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3078.08","end_time":"3078.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3078.24","end_time":"3078.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3078.35","end_time":"3078.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3079.26","end_time":"3079.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9334","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3080.36","end_time":"3080.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3080.59","end_time":"3080.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3080.77","end_time":"3080.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3080.91","end_time":"3081.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3081.29","end_time":"3081.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3081.41","end_time":"3081.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3082.0","end_time":"3082.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3082.11","end_time":"3083.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maximum"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3083.76","end_time":"3084.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.424","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3084.21","end_time":"3084.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3084.57","end_time":"3085.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3085.2","end_time":"3085.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3085.73","end_time":"3086.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3086.55","end_time":"3086.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3086.88","end_time":"3086.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3086.95","end_time":"3087.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5479","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3087.07","end_time":"3087.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3087.35","end_time":"3087.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3087.56","end_time":"3088.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3088.08","end_time":"3088.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3088.24","end_time":"3088.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3088.43","end_time":"3088.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3088.54","end_time":"3088.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3088.71","end_time":"3088.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3088.83","end_time":"3089.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3089.02","end_time":"3089.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3089.52","end_time":"3089.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3089.65","end_time":"3089.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3089.9","end_time":"3090.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3090.0","end_time":"3090.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3090.18","end_time":"3090.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3090.38","end_time":"3090.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3090.52","end_time":"3091.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3091.05","end_time":"3091.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3091.2","end_time":"3091.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3092.17","end_time":"3092.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3092.41","end_time":"3092.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3092.99","end_time":"3093.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3093.1","end_time":"3093.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3094.09","end_time":"3094.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.28","end_time":"3094.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.46","end_time":"3094.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.54","end_time":"3094.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.68","end_time":"3094.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.98","end_time":"3095.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3095.18","end_time":"3095.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3095.31","end_time":"3095.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"entire"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3095.71","end_time":"3096.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.08","end_time":"3096.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.22","end_time":"3096.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.48","end_time":"3096.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.56","end_time":"3097.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"largest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.03","end_time":"3097.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.14","end_time":"3097.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3097.77","end_time":"3097.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.9","end_time":"3098.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.17","end_time":"3098.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.42","end_time":"3098.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.57","end_time":"3098.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.67","end_time":"3098.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.73","end_time":"3099.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3099.16","end_time":"3099.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8394","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3099.38","end_time":"3099.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7615","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3099.41","end_time":"3099.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8309","content":"chair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3102.82","end_time":"3103.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3103.06","end_time":"3103.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3103.38","end_time":"3103.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3103.47","end_time":"3104.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3108.16","end_time":"3108.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3108.96","end_time":"3109.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.32","end_time":"3109.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.48","end_time":"3109.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.59","end_time":"3109.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.74","end_time":"3109.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.83","end_time":"3109.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.92","end_time":"3110.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"documentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3110.62","end_time":"3110.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3110.77","end_time":"3111.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9753","content":"Max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3111.12","end_time":"3111.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3111.51","end_time":"3111.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3111.7","end_time":"3111.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3111.78","end_time":"3111.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3111.98","end_time":"3112.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3112.13","end_time":"3112.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"complicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3112.83","end_time":"3113.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3113.64","end_time":"3113.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3113.78","end_time":"3113.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3113.94","end_time":"3114.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.17","end_time":"3114.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.3","end_time":"3114.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"either"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.9","end_time":"3115.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.04","end_time":"3115.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3116.66","end_time":"3116.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3116.87","end_time":"3116.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3116.93","end_time":"3117.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.07","end_time":"3117.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.42","end_time":"3117.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.51","end_time":"3117.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"biggest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.84","end_time":"3118.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3118.16","end_time":"3118.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3118.35","end_time":"3118.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3118.45","end_time":"3119.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3119.39","end_time":"3119.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.66","end_time":"3119.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.77","end_time":"3119.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7449","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.92","end_time":"3120.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.12","end_time":"3120.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.24","end_time":"3120.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.3","end_time":"3121.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3121.51","end_time":"3122.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.08","end_time":"3122.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.17","end_time":"3122.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3122.74","end_time":"3122.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.94","end_time":"3123.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.09","end_time":"3123.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.35","end_time":"3123.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.43","end_time":"3123.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.57","end_time":"3123.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.73","end_time":"3124.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.03","end_time":"3124.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3125.63","end_time":"3126.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7889","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3128.15","end_time":"3128.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3128.41","end_time":"3128.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3128.62","end_time":"3128.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3128.79","end_time":"3129.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3129.1","end_time":"3129.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.31","end_time":"3129.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.59","end_time":"3129.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.78","end_time":"3130.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.44","end_time":"3130.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.62","end_time":"3130.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.75","end_time":"3131.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"extra"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.05","end_time":"3131.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3131.57","end_time":"3131.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.69","end_time":"3131.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.92","end_time":"3132.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.13","end_time":"3132.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.2","end_time":"3132.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.27","end_time":"3132.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3133.79","end_time":"3133.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9705","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3133.87","end_time":"3134.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9724","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3134.04","end_time":"3134.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3134.14","end_time":"3134.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3134.29","end_time":"3134.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3134.41","end_time":"3134.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8935","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3134.58","end_time":"3134.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3137.42","end_time":"3137.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3137.81","end_time":"3138.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3138.01","end_time":"3138.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3139.11","end_time":"3139.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7892","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3142.65","end_time":"3143.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3143.5","end_time":"3143.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3143.7","end_time":"3144.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3144.6","end_time":"3145.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"potential"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3145.49","end_time":"3145.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3145.8","end_time":"3145.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3145.95","end_time":"3146.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3146.24","end_time":"3146.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3146.54","end_time":"3146.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.11","end_time":"3147.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.26","end_time":"3147.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.35","end_time":"3147.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.65","end_time":"3147.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.79","end_time":"3148.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"round"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3148.16","end_time":"3148.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3148.3","end_time":"3148.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3148.36","end_time":"3148.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8887","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3148.69","end_time":"3149.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3149.37","end_time":"3149.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3149.5","end_time":"3149.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3149.91","end_time":"3150.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3150.95","end_time":"3151.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3151.47","end_time":"3151.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3151.68","end_time":"3151.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3151.91","end_time":"3152.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.1","end_time":"3152.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.51","end_time":"3152.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.79","end_time":"3152.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3152.97","end_time":"3153.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3153.13","end_time":"3153.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3153.27","end_time":"3153.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3153.51","end_time":"3153.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3153.81","end_time":"3154.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3154.55","end_time":"3154.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3154.9","end_time":"3155.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3155.13","end_time":"3155.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3155.58","end_time":"3155.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3155.96","end_time":"3156.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3156.13","end_time":"3156.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3156.74","end_time":"3157.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9641","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3157.05","end_time":"3157.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3157.72","end_time":"3158.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3158.08","end_time":"3158.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3158.27","end_time":"3158.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9303","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3158.39","end_time":"3158.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9303","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3158.49","end_time":"3158.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3158.94","end_time":"3159.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"spreadsheet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3159.51","end_time":"3159.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3159.59","end_time":"3160.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3160.36","end_time":"3160.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3160.85","end_time":"3160.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3160.96","end_time":"3161.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8435","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3161.19","end_time":"3161.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3161.49","end_time":"3161.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3161.86","end_time":"3162.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3162.81","end_time":"3163.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3163.1","end_time":"3163.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3163.5","end_time":"3163.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3163.61","end_time":"3163.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3163.9","end_time":"3164.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.06","end_time":"3164.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.25","end_time":"3165.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"currencies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3165.39","end_time":"3165.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3165.8","end_time":"3165.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3165.91","end_time":"3166.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3166.18","end_time":"3166.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3166.3","end_time":"3166.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3166.48","end_time":"3166.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3166.75","end_time":"3167.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3167.39","end_time":"3167.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3167.78","end_time":"3167.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3167.88","end_time":"3168.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.09","end_time":"3168.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.21","end_time":"3168.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.49","end_time":"3168.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8647","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.97","end_time":"3169.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6808","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3169.46","end_time":"3169.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3169.84","end_time":"3169.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3169.91","end_time":"3170.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8922","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.11","end_time":"3170.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.23","end_time":"3170.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.41","end_time":"3170.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.89","end_time":"3171.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3171.5","end_time":"3171.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3171.87","end_time":"3171.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3171.94","end_time":"3172.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9452","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3172.13","end_time":"3172.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9184","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3172.22","end_time":"3172.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9176","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3172.38","end_time":"3173.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"percentages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3173.63","end_time":"3173.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3173.8","end_time":"3173.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3173.9","end_time":"3174.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3174.11","end_time":"3174.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3174.26","end_time":"3174.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3174.48","end_time":"3175.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3175.37","end_time":"3175.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3175.85","end_time":"3175.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8001","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3175.96","end_time":"3176.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8026","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3176.12","end_time":"3176.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9493","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3176.22","end_time":"3176.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3176.46","end_time":"3176.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3176.66","end_time":"3176.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3176.78","end_time":"3177.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"formatted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3177.95","end_time":"3178.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3178.41","end_time":"3178.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3178.94","end_time":"3179.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3179.16","end_time":"3179.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3179.27","end_time":"3179.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3179.73","end_time":"3179.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3179.87","end_time":"3180.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3180.26","end_time":"3180.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3180.45","end_time":"3180.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3180.51","end_time":"3180.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3180.87","end_time":"3181.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3181.95","end_time":"3182.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3182.14","end_time":"3182.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3182.53","end_time":"3183.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"describes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.11","end_time":"3183.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.27","end_time":"3183.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.58","end_time":"3183.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.77","end_time":"3183.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.9","end_time":"3184.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.18","end_time":"3184.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.31","end_time":"3184.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3185.31","end_time":"3185.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3185.46","end_time":"3185.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9849","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3185.61","end_time":"3185.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3185.98","end_time":"3186.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3186.52","end_time":"3187.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3187.12","end_time":"3187.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3187.31","end_time":"3187.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9448","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3187.58","end_time":"3187.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3187.68","end_time":"3187.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3187.97","end_time":"3188.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3188.08","end_time":"3188.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3188.13","end_time":"3188.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3188.42","end_time":"3188.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3188.85","end_time":"3189.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3189.16","end_time":"3189.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3189.23","end_time":"3189.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3189.61","end_time":"3189.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3189.93","end_time":"3190.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3191.95","end_time":"3192.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3195.59","end_time":"3195.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3195.93","end_time":"3196.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9231","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3196.13","end_time":"3196.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3196.7","end_time":"3196.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3196.86","end_time":"3196.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3196.98","end_time":"3197.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3197.08","end_time":"3197.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3197.43","end_time":"3197.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3197.7","end_time":"3197.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9765","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3197.94","end_time":"3198.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3198.08","end_time":"3198.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3198.25","end_time":"3198.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3198.46","end_time":"3198.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3198.61","end_time":"3199.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3199.31","end_time":"3199.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.6","end_time":"3200.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3200.04","end_time":"3200.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3200.51","end_time":"3201.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3201.02","end_time":"3201.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"Float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3202.29","end_time":"3202.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3202.65","end_time":"3202.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3202.81","end_time":"3203.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3203.36","end_time":"3204.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8705","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3204.11","end_time":"3204.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3204.65","end_time":"3205.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3205.02","end_time":"3205.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3205.17","end_time":"3205.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3205.57","end_time":"3206.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3206.49","end_time":"3206.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3206.9","end_time":"3207.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4007","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3207.13","end_time":"3207.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3917","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3207.38","end_time":"3207.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3207.52","end_time":"3208.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8938","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3210.13","end_time":"3210.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3210.35","end_time":"3210.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3210.83","end_time":"3210.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3210.97","end_time":"3211.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3211.21","end_time":"3211.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3211.44","end_time":"3211.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3211.93","end_time":"3212.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3213.32","end_time":"3214.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9813","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3215.65","end_time":"3216.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7899","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3217.81","end_time":"3218.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3218.22","end_time":"3218.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9394","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3218.51","end_time":"3218.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3218.77","end_time":"3219.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arbitrary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.28","end_time":"3219.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"precision"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3219.7","end_time":"3219.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.86","end_time":"3220.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3220.04","end_time":"3220.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3220.13","end_time":"3220.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9232","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3220.4","end_time":"3220.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3220.86","end_time":"3221.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3221.06","end_time":"3221.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3221.4","end_time":"3221.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"huge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3221.84","end_time":"3222.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.15","end_time":"3223.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.57","end_time":"3223.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.77","end_time":"3224.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3224.03","end_time":"3224.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3224.12","end_time":"3224.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3224.22","end_time":"3224.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3224.63","end_time":"3224.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3224.79","end_time":"3225.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"handle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3225.19","end_time":"3225.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9781","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3225.43","end_time":"3225.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3225.62","end_time":"3225.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3225.78","end_time":"3225.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3225.96","end_time":"3226.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3226.15","end_time":"3226.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3226.43","end_time":"3226.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7098","content":"limit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3226.8","end_time":"3227.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"placed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.2","end_time":"3227.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.59","end_time":"3227.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.79","end_time":"3227.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.94","end_time":"3228.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8209","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3228.13","end_time":"3228.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9632","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3228.66","end_time":"3228.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3228.96","end_time":"3229.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3229.52","end_time":"3229.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3229.72","end_time":"3229.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9808","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3229.95","end_time":"3230.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9808","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.06","end_time":"3230.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.23","end_time":"3230.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.48","end_time":"3230.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.58","end_time":"3230.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.68","end_time":"3230.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7437","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.76","end_time":"3231.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3235.04","end_time":"3235.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3236.08","end_time":"3236.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3236.31","end_time":"3236.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3236.85","end_time":"3237.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.11","end_time":"3237.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.3","end_time":"3238.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arithmetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3239.19","end_time":"3239.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.38","end_time":"3239.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9417","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.47","end_time":"3239.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.58","end_time":"3240.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7169","content":"operations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3240.61","end_time":"3241.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3241.03","end_time":"3241.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3241.59","end_time":"3242.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3242.09","end_time":"3242.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8708","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3242.21","end_time":"3242.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exponentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3242.9","end_time":"3243.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7687","content":"ation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3243.62","end_time":"3243.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3243.8","end_time":"3243.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3243.92","end_time":"3244.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3244.19","end_time":"3244.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3244.35","end_time":"3244.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arithmetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3244.99","end_time":"3245.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3245.19","end_time":"3245.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3245.42","end_time":"3246.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6485","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3246.71","end_time":"3246.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3246.87","end_time":"3247.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3247.02","end_time":"3247.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3247.08","end_time":"3247.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3247.25","end_time":"3247.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3247.35","end_time":"3247.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3247.79","end_time":"3248.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3248.64","end_time":"3248.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9528","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3249.32","end_time":"3249.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3249.58","end_time":"3249.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3249.65","end_time":"3250.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3250.14","end_time":"3250.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3250.26","end_time":"3250.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3253.63","end_time":"3253.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3253.84","end_time":"3254.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3254.31","end_time":"3254.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3254.57","end_time":"3254.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3254.76","end_time":"3255.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.11","end_time":"3255.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.48","end_time":"3255.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.67","end_time":"3255.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9356","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.9","end_time":"3256.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.09","end_time":"3256.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.5","end_time":"3257.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3257.59","end_time":"3257.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5442","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.65","end_time":"3257.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3258.29","end_time":"3258.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3258.51","end_time":"3258.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3258.64","end_time":"3258.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3258.98","end_time":"3259.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3259.15","end_time":"3259.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6349","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.44","end_time":"3260.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.68","end_time":"3260.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.77","end_time":"3261.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3262.22","end_time":"3262.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3262.4","end_time":"3262.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3262.51","end_time":"3262.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3262.86","end_time":"3263.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3263.04","end_time":"3264.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989666666666667","content":"2.0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3265.38","end_time":"3265.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3265.56","end_time":"3266.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7988","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3266.8","end_time":"3266.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9618","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3266.97","end_time":"3267.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.09","end_time":"3267.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.46","end_time":"3267.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.64","end_time":"3267.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.84","end_time":"3267.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.9","end_time":"3268.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.3","end_time":"3268.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3269.32","end_time":"3269.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3269.61","end_time":"3269.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3269.76","end_time":"3269.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3269.85","end_time":"3270.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.24","end_time":"3270.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3997","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3271.44","end_time":"3271.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.73","end_time":"3271.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.87","end_time":"3271.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.95","end_time":"3272.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.24","end_time":"3272.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.44","end_time":"3272.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.62","end_time":"3273.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.23","end_time":"3273.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.39","end_time":"3273.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.647","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.62","end_time":"3273.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.81","end_time":"3273.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.9","end_time":"3274.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3274.29","end_time":"3274.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3275.39","end_time":"3275.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9431","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3275.76","end_time":"3276.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.24","end_time":"3276.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"essentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.86","end_time":"3277.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3277.34","end_time":"3277.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3277.75","end_time":"3278.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"Storing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3278.24","end_time":"3278.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3278.41","end_time":"3278.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3278.54","end_time":"3278.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3278.61","end_time":"3279.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.04","end_time":"3279.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.3","end_time":"3279.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.43","end_time":"3279.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.89","end_time":"3280.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3280.04","end_time":"3280.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3280.15","end_time":"3280.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3280.54","end_time":"3280.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3280.7","end_time":"3280.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3280.78","end_time":"3281.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.08","end_time":"3281.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4642","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.31","end_time":"3281.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3576","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3282.04","end_time":"3282.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7596","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3282.16","end_time":"3282.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9807","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3282.26","end_time":"3282.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3282.41","end_time":"3282.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3285.84","end_time":"3286.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.21","end_time":"3286.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.43","end_time":"3286.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.7","end_time":"3286.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7878","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.9","end_time":"3287.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"demonstrates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.5","end_time":"3287.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.06","end_time":"3288.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.2","end_time":"3288.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.35","end_time":"3288.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.71","end_time":"3288.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9215","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.99","end_time":"3289.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.24","end_time":"3289.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3290.24","end_time":"3290.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"Two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3290.48","end_time":"3290.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3290.56","end_time":"3290.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3290.69","end_time":"3291.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.03","end_time":"3291.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"6000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.86","end_time":"3292.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3292.14","end_time":"3292.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3292.27","end_time":"3292.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3292.57","end_time":"3292.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3292.79","end_time":"3293.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3295.06","end_time":"3295.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3295.5","end_time":"3295.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3295.71","end_time":"3295.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3295.86","end_time":"3295.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3295.99","end_time":"3296.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3296.53","end_time":"3296.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3296.97","end_time":"3297.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3297.21","end_time":"3297.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3297.43","end_time":"3297.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3297.63","end_time":"3298.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"truncating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.27","end_time":"3298.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5534","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.4","end_time":"3298.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.8","end_time":"3298.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.87","end_time":"3299.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cutting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.15","end_time":"3299.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.566","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.25","end_time":"3299.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3302.24","end_time":"3302.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.53","end_time":"3302.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7176","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3302.94","end_time":"3303.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.1","end_time":"3303.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.22","end_time":"3303.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.39","end_time":"3303.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.53","end_time":"3304.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"noticed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.17","end_time":"3304.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.08","end_time":"3305.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.48","end_time":"3305.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.63","end_time":"3306.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arithmetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3306.29","end_time":"3306.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"operations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3306.99","end_time":"3307.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3307.07","end_time":"3307.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3307.34","end_time":"3307.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.17","end_time":"3308.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.36","end_time":"3308.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.6","end_time":"3308.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.99","end_time":"3309.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"division"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3310.03","end_time":"3310.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3310.77","end_time":"3310.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3310.99","end_time":"3311.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.24","end_time":"3311.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.32","end_time":"3311.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3311.54","end_time":"3311.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.7","end_time":"3312.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.75","end_time":"3313.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8931","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.1","end_time":"3313.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.793","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.33","end_time":"3314.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8688","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3316.56","end_time":"3316.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3316.73","end_time":"3317.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3317.0","end_time":"3317.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3317.35","end_time":"3318.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3319.32","end_time":"3319.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3319.54","end_time":"3319.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3319.67","end_time":"3320.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subtract"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3320.25","end_time":"3320.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9746","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3320.39","end_time":"3320.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9256","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3320.92","end_time":"3321.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3321.0","end_time":"3321.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3321.18","end_time":"3321.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3321.28","end_time":"3321.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3323.44","end_time":"3323.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3323.75","end_time":"3323.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3323.93","end_time":"3324.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"multiply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.37","end_time":"3324.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9626","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.57","end_time":"3325.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.08","end_time":"3325.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.14","end_time":"3325.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.356","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.37","end_time":"3325.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3878","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3325.64","end_time":"3325.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6909","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.77","end_time":"3325.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6909","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.83","end_time":"3326.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"exponentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.58","end_time":"3326.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6353","content":"eight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3326.73","end_time":"3326.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.82","end_time":"3326.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4562","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.98","end_time":"3327.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3327.09","end_time":"3327.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.611","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3327.47","end_time":"3327.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3327.63","end_time":"3327.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3327.76","end_time":"3328.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3328.04","end_time":"3328.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3328.16","end_time":"3328.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3328.24","end_time":"3328.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5037","content":"divide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3328.92","end_time":"3329.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3329.4","end_time":"3329.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3329.6","end_time":"3329.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3329.84","end_time":"3330.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.73705","content":"22"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3330.62","end_time":"3331.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"divided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3331.03","end_time":"3331.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3331.16","end_time":"3331.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3332.08","end_time":"3332.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9051","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3332.31","end_time":"3332.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3332.46","end_time":"3332.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3332.75","end_time":"3332.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3332.85","end_time":"3333.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3334.44","end_time":"3335.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3335.52","end_time":"3335.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3335.71","end_time":"3335.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3335.85","end_time":"3336.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.01","end_time":"3336.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.35","end_time":"3336.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.47","end_time":"3336.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.59","end_time":"3336.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.82","end_time":"3336.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.95","end_time":"3337.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3337.04","end_time":"3337.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3337.44","end_time":"3338.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3338.3","end_time":"3338.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3339.44","end_time":"3339.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.68","end_time":"3339.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.78","end_time":"3340.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.06","end_time":"3340.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.25","end_time":"3340.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.38","end_time":"3340.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.44","end_time":"3340.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.89","end_time":"3341.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3341.77","end_time":"3342.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3342.28","end_time":"3342.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3342.39","end_time":"3342.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3342.46","end_time":"3342.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3342.83","end_time":"3343.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3343.07","end_time":"3343.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3345.42","end_time":"3346.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"Sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.16","end_time":"3346.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.27","end_time":"3346.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.38","end_time":"3346.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"divide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.87","end_time":"3347.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9019","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3347.2","end_time":"3347.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9059","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3347.28","end_time":"3347.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8504","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3347.45","end_time":"3347.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8643","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3347.63","end_time":"3348.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3348.82","end_time":"3349.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3349.26","end_time":"3349.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.4","end_time":"3349.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8048","content":"result"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.93","end_time":"3350.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3350.43","end_time":"3350.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3350.6","end_time":"3350.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3350.69","end_time":"3351.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3351.23","end_time":"3351.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8572","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3351.53","end_time":"3351.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4647","content":"Two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3351.7","end_time":"3352.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"divided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.06","end_time":"3352.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.15","end_time":"3352.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.41","end_time":"3352.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.54","end_time":"3352.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3353.18","end_time":"3353.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3353.42","end_time":"3353.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3353.5","end_time":"3354.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3354.28","end_time":"3354.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9517","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.03","end_time":"3355.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.2","end_time":"3356.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consistency"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3356.04","end_time":"3356.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3356.19","end_time":"3356.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3356.72","end_time":"3357.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3357.14","end_time":"3357.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3357.48","end_time":"3357.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"division"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3357.93","end_time":"3358.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3358.1","end_time":"3358.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9402","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3358.96","end_time":"3359.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3359.55","end_time":"3359.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3359.71","end_time":"3360.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"treats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3360.03","end_time":"3360.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3360.19","end_time":"3360.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3360.35","end_time":"3360.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8581","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3360.42","end_time":"3360.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8227","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3364.61","end_time":"3365.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9662","content":"percent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3368.88","end_time":"3369.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7656","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3369.12","end_time":"3369.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3369.55","end_time":"3369.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9677","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3369.78","end_time":"3370.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9193","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3371.28","end_time":"3371.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3371.47","end_time":"3371.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6386","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3371.85","end_time":"3372.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8163","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3372.03","end_time":"3372.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8678","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3372.29","end_time":"3372.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6247","content":"Lee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3375.1","end_time":"3375.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5842","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3375.47","end_time":"3375.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7165","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3375.73","end_time":"3376.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3376.04","end_time":"3376.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3376.33","end_time":"3376.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5653","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3377.43","end_time":"3377.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8734","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.66","end_time":"3378.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8557","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3378.28","end_time":"3378.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3378.36","end_time":"3378.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3381.89","end_time":"3382.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3382.26","end_time":"3382.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3382.5","end_time":"3383.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3383.71","end_time":"3384.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3384.02","end_time":"3384.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"14"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.43","end_time":"3386.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7819","content":"divided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3386.02","end_time":"3386.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3386.18","end_time":"3386.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3386.92","end_time":"3387.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9714","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3387.26","end_time":"3387.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"Think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.44","end_time":"3387.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.56","end_time":"3387.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.82","end_time":"3388.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Division"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.73","end_time":"3389.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.14","end_time":"3389.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.43","end_time":"3389.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.57","end_time":"3389.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8127","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.76","end_time":"3390.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3390.02","end_time":"3390.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3390.62","end_time":"3390.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3390.81","end_time":"3391.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.06","end_time":"3391.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5769","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.23","end_time":"3391.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5548","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.36","end_time":"3391.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"12"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3392.0","end_time":"3392.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.14","end_time":"3392.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.27","end_time":"3392.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.52","end_time":"3392.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.77","end_time":"3393.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9747","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3393.07","end_time":"3393.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9747","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.93","end_time":"3406.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3408.33","end_time":"3408.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8723","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3408.62","end_time":"3408.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9772","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3408.78","end_time":"3408.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3408.94","end_time":"3409.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.14","end_time":"3411.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3411.34","end_time":"3411.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.4","end_time":"3411.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.63","end_time":"3411.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.71","end_time":"3411.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.86","end_time":"3412.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.04","end_time":"3412.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.19","end_time":"3412.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.29","end_time":"3412.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.4","end_time":"3412.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3413.04","end_time":"3413.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3413.24","end_time":"3413.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3413.37","end_time":"3413.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3413.67","end_time":"3414.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7052","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3414.34","end_time":"3415.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7612","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3415.83","end_time":"3416.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.764","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.09","end_time":"3416.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.29","end_time":"3416.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.46","end_time":"3416.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.55","end_time":"3417.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3417.74","end_time":"3418.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3418.03","end_time":"3418.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.17","end_time":"3418.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.27","end_time":"3418.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.37","end_time":"3418.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.16","end_time":"3419.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.35","end_time":"3419.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.61","end_time":"3419.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.76","end_time":"3419.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.84","end_time":"3419.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.99","end_time":"3420.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7486","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3420.1","end_time":"3420.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8701","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3420.17","end_time":"3420.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8698","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3421.13","end_time":"3421.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.32","end_time":"3421.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.683","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.4","end_time":"3421.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6856","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.51","end_time":"3421.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.67","end_time":"3421.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.8","end_time":"3421.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.87","end_time":"3422.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3422.21","end_time":"3422.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3423.01","end_time":"3423.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3423.27","end_time":"3423.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3423.48","end_time":"3423.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.53","end_time":"3426.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"12.0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.39","end_time":"3426.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"divided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.83","end_time":"3426.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.96","end_time":"3427.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3429.67","end_time":"3429.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9593","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3429.92","end_time":"3430.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.12","end_time":"3430.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.34","end_time":"3430.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.5","end_time":"3431.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"perfectly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3431.7","end_time":"3431.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3431.92","end_time":"3432.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9528","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.12","end_time":"3432.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.31","end_time":"3432.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remainder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3433.2","end_time":"3433.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3433.46","end_time":"3433.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3433.55","end_time":"3434.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"displays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.71","end_time":"3435.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3435.04","end_time":"3435.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3435.24","end_time":"3435.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9121","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3435.32","end_time":"3435.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9121","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3436.17","end_time":"3436.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3436.39","end_time":"3436.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.47","end_time":"3436.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.73","end_time":"3436.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.86","end_time":"3436.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8552","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.95","end_time":"3438.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996333333333333","content":"0.0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3438.17","end_time":"3438.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3438.47","end_time":"3438.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3438.58","end_time":"3438.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3438.86","end_time":"3439.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.93","end_time":"3440.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3440.28","end_time":"3440.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.27","end_time":"3441.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9376","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.51","end_time":"3441.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.79","end_time":"3441.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.88","end_time":"3442.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3442.0","end_time":"3442.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3442.06","end_time":"3442.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5487","content":"flu"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3442.93","end_time":"3443.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3443.93","end_time":"3444.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3444.19","end_time":"3444.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9469","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.79","end_time":"3448.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3448.28","end_time":"3448.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"whenever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.67","end_time":"3448.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.77","end_time":"3448.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.95","end_time":"3449.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3449.17","end_time":"3449.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"operation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3449.97","end_time":"3450.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.27","end_time":"3450.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"involves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.83","end_time":"3450.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.635","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.9","end_time":"3451.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6201","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3451.64","end_time":"3451.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.81","end_time":"3452.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.21","end_time":"3452.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.34","end_time":"3452.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"results"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.91","end_time":"3453.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3453.13","end_time":"3453.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7884","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3453.2","end_time":"3453.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7848","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3454.8","end_time":"3455.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3455.12","end_time":"3455.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7266","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3455.21","end_time":"3455.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9287","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3455.89","end_time":"3456.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8825","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3456.73","end_time":"3457.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9336","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3457.93","end_time":"3458.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3458.33","end_time":"3458.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8996","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3458.42","end_time":"3458.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specified"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3458.88","end_time":"3459.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.0","end_time":"3459.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8158","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.07","end_time":"3459.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.46","end_time":"3459.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3461.22","end_time":"3461.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9749","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3462.63","end_time":"3463.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6558","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3464.49","end_time":"3465.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3465.2","end_time":"3465.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.63","end_time":"3466.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.89","end_time":"3467.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3467.0","end_time":"3467.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"printed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3467.4","end_time":"3467.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3467.69","end_time":"3468.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scientific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3468.26","end_time":"3468.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"notation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3469.34","end_time":"3469.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3469.6","end_time":"3470.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3470.43","end_time":"3470.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3470.89","end_time":"3471.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.25","end_time":"3471.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.52","end_time":"3471.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.85","end_time":"3472.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unlimited"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3472.5","end_time":"3473.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"precision"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3473.63","end_time":"3473.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3473.77","end_time":"3473.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3473.92","end_time":"3474.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.24","end_time":"3474.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.56","end_time":"3474.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.79","end_time":"3475.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3475.02","end_time":"3475.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9545","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3475.47","end_time":"3475.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"points"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3476.54","end_time":"3476.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7326","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.61","end_time":"3476.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.8","end_time":"3476.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.94","end_time":"3477.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3477.49","end_time":"3478.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.01","end_time":"3478.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.09","end_time":"3478.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"16"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.81","end_time":"3479.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3479.24","end_time":"3479.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"points"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3479.87","end_time":"3480.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.22","end_time":"3480.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.67","end_time":"3480.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.81","end_time":"3481.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recorded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3481.38","end_time":"3481.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.5","end_time":"3481.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.83","end_time":"3482.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3482.07","end_time":"3482.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3482.14","end_time":"3482.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3482.42","end_time":"3482.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3482.62","end_time":"3483.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3485.09","end_time":"3485.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3486.92","end_time":"3487.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3487.34","end_time":"3487.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3487.89","end_time":"3488.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3488.0","end_time":"3488.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9032","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3488.1","end_time":"3488.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8993","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3488.45","end_time":"3488.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"meaning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3488.72","end_time":"3488.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3488.94","end_time":"3489.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3489.06","end_time":"3489.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"largest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3489.55","end_time":"3490.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3490.03","end_time":"3490.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3490.18","end_time":"3490.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3490.63","end_time":"3490.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3490.72","end_time":"3491.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smallest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3491.23","end_time":"3491.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3491.64","end_time":"3491.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9664","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3491.75","end_time":"3491.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3491.88","end_time":"3492.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3493.22","end_time":"3493.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3493.49","end_time":"3493.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3493.7","end_time":"3494.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3494.21","end_time":"3494.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3494.45","end_time":"3494.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3494.52","end_time":"3494.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cap"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3494.91","end_time":"3495.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.31","end_time":"3495.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.6","end_time":"3495.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.86","end_time":"3495.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.95","end_time":"3496.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3496.01","end_time":"3496.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3496.5","end_time":"3496.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3496.72","end_time":"3497.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3497.57","end_time":"3498.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3498.4","end_time":"3498.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3498.64","end_time":"3499.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.06","end_time":"3499.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.32","end_time":"3499.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.63","end_time":"3500.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3500.1","end_time":"3500.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3500.2","end_time":"3500.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3500.31","end_time":"3500.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unlikely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3500.79","end_time":"3500.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3500.87","end_time":"3501.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"encounter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3501.46","end_time":"3501.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3501.66","end_time":"3501.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3501.83","end_time":"3502.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3502.61","end_time":"3502.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3502.8","end_time":"3502.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3502.92","end_time":"3503.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3503.16","end_time":"3503.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3503.28","end_time":"3503.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3503.49","end_time":"3503.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6698","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3503.76","end_time":"3503.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3503.92","end_time":"3504.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.01","end_time":"3504.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"worry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.26","end_time":"3504.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6273","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.49","end_time":"3504.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3505.48","end_time":"3505.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3506.09","end_time":"3506.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.2","end_time":"3506.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.53","end_time":"3506.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.67","end_time":"3506.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9237","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.8","end_time":"3507.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.04","end_time":"3507.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.32","end_time":"3507.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.7","end_time":"3507.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.78","end_time":"3508.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"16"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3508.24","end_time":"3508.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3508.67","end_time":"3509.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.64","end_time":"3510.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.01","end_time":"3510.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.36","end_time":"3510.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.778","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3510.49","end_time":"3511.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7525","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3512.01","end_time":"3512.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.18","end_time":"3512.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"final"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.59","end_time":"3512.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.89","end_time":"3513.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.31","end_time":"3513.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9661","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.76","end_time":"3514.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.0","end_time":"3514.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3517.97","end_time":"3518.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3518.25","end_time":"3518.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3518.45","end_time":"3518.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9716","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3518.75","end_time":"3519.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1\/3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3519.96","end_time":"3520.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3520.6","end_time":"3520.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3520.84","end_time":"3521.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3521.02","end_time":"3521.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"isn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3521.29","end_time":"3522.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3522.15","end_time":"3522.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"1\/3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3522.69","end_time":"3522.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8881","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3523.22","end_time":"3523.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3523.39","end_time":"3523.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"true"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3523.65","end_time":"3524.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.02","end_time":"3524.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.14","end_time":"3524.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.48","end_time":"3524.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.73","end_time":"3524.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8126","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.96","end_time":"3525.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8126","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.05","end_time":"3525.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.32","end_time":"3525.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.47","end_time":"3526.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"forever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3526.51","end_time":"3526.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3526.81","end_time":"3526.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3526.93","end_time":"3527.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3527.1","end_time":"3527.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3527.28","end_time":"3527.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1\/3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3527.79","end_time":"3528.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3528.02","end_time":"3528.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3528.44","end_time":"3528.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3528.53","end_time":"3529.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"16"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3529.03","end_time":"3529.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3529.45","end_time":"3529.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3529.91","end_time":"3530.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8156","content":"Show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3530.68","end_time":"3530.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8881","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3531.26","end_time":"3531.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3531.45","end_time":"3531.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3531.54","end_time":"3531.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3531.66","end_time":"3531.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3531.97","end_time":"3532.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1\/3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3532.57","end_time":"3532.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3532.67","end_time":"3533.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3533.13","end_time":"3533.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3533.25","end_time":"3533.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3533.43","end_time":"3533.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3533.63","end_time":"3533.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3533.85","end_time":"3534.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3535.14","end_time":"3535.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3536.12","end_time":"3536.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3536.55","end_time":"3537.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3538.68","end_time":"3539.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"Essentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3539.19","end_time":"3539.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.34","end_time":"3539.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.44","end_time":"3539.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.58","end_time":"3539.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.86","end_time":"3540.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9463","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.04","end_time":"3540.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9683","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.2","end_time":"3540.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"move"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.55","end_time":"3540.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.63","end_time":"3541.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3541.04","end_time":"3541.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3541.35","end_time":"3541.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3541.69","end_time":"3541.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3541.75","end_time":"3542.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3543.02","end_time":"3543.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8876","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3543.15","end_time":"3543.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9823","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3543.72","end_time":"3544.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.46","end_time":"3544.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.61","end_time":"3544.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.95","end_time":"3545.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.21","end_time":"3545.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.44","end_time":"3545.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.58","end_time":"3545.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9473","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.79","end_time":"3545.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.98","end_time":"3546.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"threes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3546.37","end_time":"3546.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3546.59","end_time":"3546.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3547.5","end_time":"3547.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3547.73","end_time":"3547.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3547.85","end_time":"3548.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3549.32","end_time":"3550.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remaining"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3550.1","end_time":"3551.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3552.92","end_time":"3553.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3554.09","end_time":"3554.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.45","end_time":"3554.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.71","end_time":"3555.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lost"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3555.25","end_time":"3555.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3555.53","end_time":"3555.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8004","content":"Really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3555.83","end_time":"3556.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3556.11","end_time":"3556.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3556.37","end_time":"3556.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3556.55","end_time":"3556.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3556.76","end_time":"3557.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.08","end_time":"3557.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.24","end_time":"3557.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.63","end_time":"3557.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.71","end_time":"3558.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"16"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3558.17","end_time":"3558.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3558.56","end_time":"3559.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3559.06","end_time":"3559.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3559.2","end_time":"3559.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3559.31","end_time":"3559.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.1","end_time":"3560.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3560.36","end_time":"3560.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.47","end_time":"3560.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.58","end_time":"3560.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.88","end_time":"3561.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3561.24","end_time":"3561.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3561.45","end_time":"3561.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6697","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3561.55","end_time":"3561.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7987","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.36","end_time":"3562.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.84","end_time":"3563.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6288","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3563.46","end_time":"3563.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3563.73","end_time":"3563.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3563.99","end_time":"3564.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3564.27","end_time":"3565.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3565.46","end_time":"3565.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9271","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3565.73","end_time":"3565.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3565.89","end_time":"3566.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3566.47","end_time":"3566.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3566.59","end_time":"3566.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3566.95","end_time":"3567.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3567.25","end_time":"3567.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3567.33","end_time":"3567.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"1\/3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3567.88","end_time":"3567.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3567.97","end_time":"3568.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3568.16","end_time":"3569.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"0.333"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3569.14","end_time":"3569.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3569.87","end_time":"3570.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3570.11","end_time":"3570.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3570.35","end_time":"3571.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"rounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3571.33","end_time":"3571.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9248","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3571.56","end_time":"3571.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3571.63","end_time":"3572.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"small"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3572.05","end_time":"3572.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3572.45","end_time":"3572.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3572.56","end_time":"3573.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3573.0","end_time":"3573.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3573.3","end_time":"3573.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3573.38","end_time":"3573.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"true"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3573.62","end_time":"3574.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.0","end_time":"3574.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7233","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.11","end_time":"3574.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.24","end_time":"3574.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.35","end_time":"3574.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"supposed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.75","end_time":"3574.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.82","end_time":"3575.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3576.51","end_time":"3576.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3576.76","end_time":"3576.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3576.92","end_time":"3577.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.05","end_time":"3577.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9721","content":"liked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.39","end_time":"3577.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.52","end_time":"3578.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.01","end_time":"3578.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3578.29","end_time":"3578.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.43","end_time":"3578.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.53","end_time":"3578.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.76","end_time":"3579.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"earlier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3579.23","end_time":"3579.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8984","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3579.5","end_time":"3579.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3582.22","end_time":"3582.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9442","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3582.54","end_time":"3583.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3586.02","end_time":"3586.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3586.53","end_time":"3586.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8848","content":"ISS"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3587.13","end_time":"3587.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3587.36","end_time":"3588.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remainder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3588.82","end_time":"3588.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9161","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3588.97","end_time":"3589.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4509","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3589.06","end_time":"3589.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3589.15","end_time":"3589.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3589.51","end_time":"3592.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886666666666667","content":"14.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3593.79","end_time":"3594.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"divided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.31","end_time":"3594.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.47","end_time":"3594.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3595.72","end_time":"3596.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8999","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3596.65","end_time":"3597.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remainder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3597.13","end_time":"3597.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3597.27","end_time":"3597.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3597.37","end_time":"3597.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"divide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3597.68","end_time":"3597.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3597.81","end_time":"3598.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3598.47","end_time":"3598.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8556","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3598.73","end_time":"3598.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3598.95","end_time":"3599.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3599.09","end_time":"3599.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3599.28","end_time":"3599.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9468","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3599.39","end_time":"3599.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3599.63","end_time":"3600.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3600.01","end_time":"3600.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3600.09","end_time":"3600.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3600.23","end_time":"3600.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3600.34","end_time":"3600.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"12"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.29","end_time":"3601.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3601.57","end_time":"3601.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.66","end_time":"3601.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.8","end_time":"3602.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3602.08","end_time":"3602.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7176","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3602.16","end_time":"3602.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remaining"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3602.77","end_time":"3603.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9605333333333332","content":"2.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3604.31","end_time":"3604.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3604.48","end_time":"3604.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3604.59","end_time":"3604.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3604.94","end_time":"3605.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6724","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3605.15","end_time":"3605.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3605.49","end_time":"3605.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6017","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3605.7","end_time":"3606.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3606.32","end_time":"3606.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9787","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3606.86","end_time":"3606.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3606.98","end_time":"3607.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3607.12","end_time":"3607.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3607.31","end_time":"3607.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3607.64","end_time":"3607.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3607.94","end_time":"3608.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.16","end_time":"3608.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.54","end_time":"3608.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.66","end_time":"3609.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844666666666667","content":"2.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3610.31","end_time":"3610.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3610.56","end_time":"3611.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.18","end_time":"3611.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.44","end_time":"3611.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.75","end_time":"3612.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"final"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3612.27","end_time":"3612.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3612.74","end_time":"3613.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3613.35","end_time":"3613.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3613.51","end_time":"3613.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3613.92","end_time":"3614.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3614.08","end_time":"3614.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3614.34","end_time":"3614.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3615.17","end_time":"3615.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3615.46","end_time":"3615.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.613","content":"years"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3615.7","end_time":"3615.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9732","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3615.89","end_time":"3616.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3616.01","end_time":"3616.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3616.85","end_time":"3617.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.0","end_time":"3617.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.25","end_time":"3617.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.47","end_time":"3617.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.58","end_time":"3617.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9748","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.69","end_time":"3617.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.94","end_time":"3618.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arithmetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3618.48","end_time":"3618.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3618.67","end_time":"3618.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7414","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3618.86","end_time":"3619.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.05","end_time":"3619.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.21","end_time":"3619.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"techniques"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3619.72","end_time":"3619.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.8","end_time":"3619.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5922","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.93","end_time":"3620.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.13","end_time":"3620.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5559","content":"tow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.89","end_time":"3621.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3621.03","end_time":"3621.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9103","content":"minimize"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3621.55","end_time":"3621.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3621.86","end_time":"3622.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6955","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3622.0","end_time":"3622.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3622.26","end_time":"3622.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3622.58","end_time":"3622.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3622.73","end_time":"3623.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3623.11","end_time":"3623.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3623.4","end_time":"3623.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3623.62","end_time":"3623.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3623.76","end_time":"3624.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.01","end_time":"3624.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.28","end_time":"3624.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8393","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.46","end_time":"3624.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9364","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.6","end_time":"3624.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3626.96","end_time":"3627.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.2","end_time":"3627.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.58","end_time":"3627.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.72","end_time":"3627.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.81","end_time":"3627.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.98","end_time":"3628.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.07","end_time":"3628.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.29","end_time":"3628.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.42","end_time":"3628.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3629.0","end_time":"3629.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3629.54","end_time":"3629.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9081","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3629.95","end_time":"3630.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9575","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3630.81","end_time":"3630.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9028","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3630.99","end_time":"3631.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3631.31","end_time":"3631.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3631.87","end_time":"3632.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.08","end_time":"3632.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8547","content":"surfer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.44","end_time":"3632.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9597","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.69","end_time":"3633.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3633.54","end_time":"3634.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3634.13","end_time":"3634.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8683","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3635.01","end_time":"3635.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.58","end_time":"3635.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.75","end_time":"3636.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"express"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.48","end_time":"3636.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.78","end_time":"3637.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3637.23","end_time":"3637.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3637.42","end_time":"3637.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3637.74","end_time":"3637.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9031","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3637.83","end_time":"3638.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3638.05","end_time":"3638.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"limited"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3639.91","end_time":"3640.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3640.35","end_time":"3641.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3641.63","end_time":"3641.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3641.81","end_time":"3642.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.08","end_time":"3642.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.44","end_time":"3642.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.94","end_time":"3643.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3644.39","end_time":"3644.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3644.96","end_time":"3645.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9579","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3645.26","end_time":"3645.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3645.74","end_time":"3645.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3645.84","end_time":"3646.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3646.06","end_time":"3646.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3646.64","end_time":"3647.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3647.3","end_time":"3647.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9237","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3647.55","end_time":"3647.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3647.63","end_time":"3648.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3648.07","end_time":"3648.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3648.52","end_time":"3648.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7062","content":"int"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3649.15","end_time":"3649.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3649.62","end_time":"3650.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"changes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3650.06","end_time":"3650.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6926","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3650.14","end_time":"3650.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7125","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3650.59","end_time":"3650.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3650.92","end_time":"3651.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8563","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3651.03","end_time":"3651.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6064","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3652.74","end_time":"3653.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3653.0","end_time":"3653.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.1","end_time":"3653.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7048","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.28","end_time":"3653.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.36","end_time":"3653.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.76","end_time":"3654.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3654.06","end_time":"3654.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3654.82","end_time":"3655.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3655.11","end_time":"3655.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"changes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3655.54","end_time":"3655.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.1","end_time":"3656.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9242","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.27","end_time":"3656.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9122","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.53","end_time":"3656.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.79","end_time":"3656.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6104","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.88","end_time":"3657.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6072","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3658.41","end_time":"3658.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9293","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.48","end_time":"3658.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3658.67","end_time":"3658.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.92","end_time":"3659.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3659.09","end_time":"3659.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3659.28","end_time":"3659.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7795","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3659.59","end_time":"3659.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3659.69","end_time":"3660.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.01","end_time":"3660.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.12","end_time":"3660.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.36","end_time":"3660.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.46","end_time":"3660.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3660.73","end_time":"3660.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.83","end_time":"3660.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.92","end_time":"3661.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.06","end_time":"3661.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9428","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.39","end_time":"3661.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.48","end_time":"3661.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.76","end_time":"3661.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.85","end_time":"3662.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.06","end_time":"3662.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5881","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.15","end_time":"3662.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5877","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3663.66","end_time":"3664.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3664.07","end_time":"3664.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6332","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3666.31","end_time":"3666.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3666.72","end_time":"3666.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3666.84","end_time":"3667.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.04","end_time":"3667.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.15","end_time":"3667.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mixed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.57","end_time":"3668.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3669.11","end_time":"3669.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.38","end_time":"3669.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.84","end_time":"3670.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.29","end_time":"3670.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9369","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3671.28","end_time":"3671.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3671.49","end_time":"3672.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3672.27","end_time":"3672.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3672.55","end_time":"3672.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3672.78","end_time":"3673.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correct"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3673.32","end_time":"3673.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3673.45","end_time":"3673.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3673.96","end_time":"3674.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.1","end_time":"3674.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9443","content":"turn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.34","end_time":"3674.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6735","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.44","end_time":"3674.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.393","content":"intern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.79","end_time":"3674.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7133","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.94","end_time":"3675.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8511","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3675.45","end_time":"3675.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3675.58","end_time":"3675.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"putting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3675.88","end_time":"3676.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845999999999999","content":"0.0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3676.5","end_time":"3676.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3676.64","end_time":"3676.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3676.74","end_time":"3677.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3677.42","end_time":"3677.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3677.99","end_time":"3678.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9775","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3678.21","end_time":"3678.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9323","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3678.58","end_time":"3678.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3678.76","end_time":"3679.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3679.11","end_time":"3680.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"incorrect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3680.52","end_time":"3681.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.05","end_time":"3681.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.11","end_time":"3681.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.56","end_time":"3681.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.91","end_time":"3682.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6132","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.08","end_time":"3682.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.17","end_time":"3682.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8767","content":"intruder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.6","end_time":"3682.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.74","end_time":"3683.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.04","end_time":"3683.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ignoring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.56","end_time":"3683.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.74","end_time":"3684.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3684.03","end_time":"3684.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3684.12","end_time":"3684.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"decimals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3685.21","end_time":"3685.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3685.87","end_time":"3686.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3686.08","end_time":"3686.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3686.22","end_time":"3686.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3686.43","end_time":"3686.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3686.54","end_time":"3686.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3686.76","end_time":"3687.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.04","end_time":"3687.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conservative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.68","end_time":"3687.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.82","end_time":"3688.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"safe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3688.21","end_time":"3688.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3688.91","end_time":"3689.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3689.91","end_time":"3690.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7025","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.09","end_time":"3690.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.61","end_time":"3690.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.78","end_time":"3690.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.94","end_time":"3691.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ambiguous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3692.41","end_time":"3692.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7359","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3693.31","end_time":"3693.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3693.81","end_time":"3694.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.02","end_time":"3694.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.37","end_time":"3695.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"automatically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.45","end_time":"3695.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.61","end_time":"3695.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.74","end_time":"3695.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.98","end_time":"3696.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9665","content":"2.0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3696.91","end_time":"3697.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3697.31","end_time":"3697.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3698.41","end_time":"3698.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3698.64","end_time":"3698.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3698.74","end_time":"3699.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.02","end_time":"3699.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.75","end_time":"3700.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3700.79","end_time":"3701.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3701.01","end_time":"3701.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3701.13","end_time":"3701.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3701.55","end_time":"3702.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3702.07","end_time":"3702.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3702.35","end_time":"3702.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3702.53","end_time":"3703.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3703.91","end_time":"3704.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3706.2","end_time":"3706.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3706.44","end_time":"3706.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3706.68","end_time":"3707.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.51","end_time":"3707.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.78","end_time":"3707.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.88","end_time":"3708.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"gotten"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.17","end_time":"3708.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.26","end_time":"3708.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.6","end_time":"3709.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"result"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.07","end_time":"3709.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.2","end_time":"3709.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.31","end_time":"3709.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.63","end_time":"3709.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.81","end_time":"3710.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3710.03","end_time":"3710.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3710.16","end_time":"3710.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6059","content":"introduced"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3710.68","end_time":"3710.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6738","content":"Cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3710.89","end_time":"3711.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8463","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3711.11","end_time":"3711.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3711.38","end_time":"3711.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3711.68","end_time":"3711.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3711.8","end_time":"3712.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3712.06","end_time":"3712.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3713.74","end_time":"3714.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9763","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3715.21","end_time":"3716.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"2.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.32","end_time":"3716.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.62","end_time":"3717.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3717.57","end_time":"3717.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3717.81","end_time":"3717.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3717.88","end_time":"3718.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"becomes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3718.24","end_time":"3718.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9355","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3718.49","end_time":"3718.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3718.9","end_time":"3719.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.03","end_time":"3719.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.15","end_time":"3719.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.62","end_time":"3719.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8498","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.75","end_time":"3720.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.18","end_time":"3720.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.28","end_time":"3720.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.48","end_time":"3720.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.86","end_time":"3720.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5315","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.99","end_time":"3721.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3721.53","end_time":"3721.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9753","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3721.95","end_time":"3722.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3722.27","end_time":"3723.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9960999999999999","content":"2.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3723.25","end_time":"3723.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3723.54","end_time":"3723.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3723.65","end_time":"3724.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3724.18","end_time":"3724.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3724.33","end_time":"3724.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3724.43","end_time":"3724.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.13","end_time":"3725.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.6","end_time":"3725.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.96","end_time":"3726.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3726.09","end_time":"3726.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3726.46","end_time":"3727.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"significantly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3728.45","end_time":"3728.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3728.72","end_time":"3728.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3728.88","end_time":"3729.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"brought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3729.07","end_time":"3729.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3729.2","end_time":"3729.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"earlier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3730.44","end_time":"3731.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Division"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.63","end_time":"3731.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.92","end_time":"3732.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.16","end_time":"3732.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"included"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.61","end_time":"3732.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.78","end_time":"3732.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.87","end_time":"3733.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.25","end_time":"3733.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.44","end_time":"3733.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.415","content":"interred"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.78","end_time":"3733.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.692","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.93","end_time":"3734.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9538","content":"operations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3734.67","end_time":"3734.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3734.91","end_time":"3735.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.01","end_time":"3735.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.11","end_time":"3735.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.26","end_time":"3735.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8642","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.46","end_time":"3736.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.04","end_time":"3736.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.17","end_time":"3736.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.24","end_time":"3736.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"divide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.62","end_time":"3736.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3736.76","end_time":"3736.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8995","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.88","end_time":"3737.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7203","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.06","end_time":"3737.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.21","end_time":"3737.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.32","end_time":"3737.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8748","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.39","end_time":"3737.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8745","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3738.41","end_time":"3738.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6433","content":"huh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3739.2","end_time":"3739.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3739.61","end_time":"3740.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.3","end_time":"3740.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.47","end_time":"3740.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.8","end_time":"3741.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"divide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.17","end_time":"3741.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6798","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.34","end_time":"3741.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5966","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3741.83","end_time":"3741.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.97","end_time":"3742.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.17","end_time":"3742.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.22","end_time":"3742.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3742.5","end_time":"3742.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.73","end_time":"3743.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3743.08","end_time":"3743.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3743.41","end_time":"3743.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3743.51","end_time":"3744.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3745.5","end_time":"3745.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9576","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3745.91","end_time":"3746.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3746.2","end_time":"3746.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7399","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3746.59","end_time":"3746.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3746.99","end_time":"3747.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3747.14","end_time":"3747.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3747.27","end_time":"3747.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3747.61","end_time":"3747.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3747.75","end_time":"3747.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3747.89","end_time":"3747.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6608","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3747.98","end_time":"3748.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6604","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3748.38","end_time":"3748.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3748.6","end_time":"3748.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3748.91","end_time":"3749.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3749.01","end_time":"3749.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3750.18","end_time":"3750.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3750.39","end_time":"3750.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3750.58","end_time":"3750.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3750.8","end_time":"3750.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3750.97","end_time":"3751.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3751.05","end_time":"3751.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3751.96","end_time":"3752.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8698","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3752.17","end_time":"3752.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3752.36","end_time":"3753.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.9"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3753.39","end_time":"3753.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3753.6","end_time":"3753.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3753.82","end_time":"3754.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3754.07","end_time":"3754.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6774","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3754.58","end_time":"3754.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5926","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3754.7","end_time":"3755.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5945","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.05","end_time":"3755.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3756.8","end_time":"3757.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3757.03","end_time":"3757.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rounds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3757.37","end_time":"3757.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3757.52","end_time":"3758.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.47","end_time":"3758.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.64","end_time":"3759.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3761.25","end_time":"3761.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3761.41","end_time":"3761.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3761.7","end_time":"3762.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nearest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.31","end_time":"3762.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.74","end_time":"3763.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"below"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3763.16","end_time":"3763.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3763.79","end_time":"3764.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3765.2","end_time":"3765.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.55","end_time":"3766.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.9"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3766.25","end_time":"3766.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3766.38","end_time":"3766.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"closer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3766.84","end_time":"3766.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3766.93","end_time":"3767.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3767.32","end_time":"3767.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3767.45","end_time":"3767.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9400999999999999","content":"23"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3768.36","end_time":"3768.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3769.01","end_time":"3769.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.21","end_time":"3769.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.35","end_time":"3769.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.49","end_time":"3769.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8127","content":"converted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.99","end_time":"3770.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3770.12","end_time":"3770.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3770.22","end_time":"3770.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3770.51","end_time":"3770.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9043","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3770.6","end_time":"3770.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9392","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3771.41","end_time":"3772.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4941","content":"truncate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3772.12","end_time":"3772.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2009","content":"Czar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.06","end_time":"3773.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cuts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.39","end_time":"3773.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.74","end_time":"3773.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.83","end_time":"3774.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3774.09","end_time":"3774.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3774.38","end_time":"3774.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3774.47","end_time":"3774.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3774.88","end_time":"3775.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3780.77","end_time":"3781.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3782.5","end_time":"3782.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3785.6","end_time":"3785.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2211","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3786.05","end_time":"3786.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4725","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3790.16","end_time":"3790.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3794.4","end_time":"3794.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.62","end_time":"3794.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.72","end_time":"3794.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.87","end_time":"3795.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3795.48","end_time":"3795.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3795.75","end_time":"3796.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3796.07","end_time":"3796.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3796.33","end_time":"3797.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"truncated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3797.33","end_time":"3797.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3797.66","end_time":"3797.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3797.79","end_time":"3798.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.14","end_time":"3798.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.32","end_time":"3798.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.42","end_time":"3798.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.59","end_time":"3799.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"precision"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.1","end_time":"3799.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3800.48","end_time":"3801.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.36","end_time":"3802.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3802.02","end_time":"3802.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3802.33","end_time":"3802.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3802.44","end_time":"3803.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"limited"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.5","end_time":"3803.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.79","end_time":"3803.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.87","end_time":"3803.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.93","end_time":"3804.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5046","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3804.22","end_time":"3804.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3804.49","end_time":"3804.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"limits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3804.87","end_time":"3804.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3804.99","end_time":"3805.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3805.17","end_time":"3805.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3805.92","end_time":"3806.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.06","end_time":"3806.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.14","end_time":"3806.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.25","end_time":"3806.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5186","content":"tried"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.45","end_time":"3806.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.56","end_time":"3806.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.74","end_time":"3807.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7134","content":"combine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3807.29","end_time":"3807.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3807.45","end_time":"3807.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"huge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3807.84","end_time":"3808.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8254","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3808.29","end_time":"3808.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3808.63","end_time":"3808.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3808.73","end_time":"3808.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9454","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3808.86","end_time":"3809.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"beyond"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.16","end_time":"3809.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.22","end_time":"3809.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"capacity"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.71","end_time":"3809.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.82","end_time":"3810.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.639","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3810.21","end_time":"3810.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3810.75","end_time":"3811.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3811.13","end_time":"3811.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6768","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3811.23","end_time":"3811.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3577","content":"flow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3812.15","end_time":"3812.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3812.6","end_time":"3812.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"result"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3812.9","end_time":"3813.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.0","end_time":"3813.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.09","end_time":"3813.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7037","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3813.5","end_time":"3813.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.71","end_time":"3813.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.9","end_time":"3814.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.16","end_time":"3814.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.27","end_time":"3814.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7739","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.33","end_time":"3814.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8791","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.57","end_time":"3814.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.65","end_time":"3815.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9425","content":"handle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3815.04","end_time":"3815.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9425","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3815.51","end_time":"3815.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3815.65","end_time":"3815.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3815.76","end_time":"3816.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3816.6","end_time":"3817.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3817.24","end_time":"3817.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3822.27","end_time":"3822.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3822.67","end_time":"3822.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3822.82","end_time":"3822.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3822.9","end_time":"3822.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3822.94","end_time":"3823.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.12","end_time":"3823.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.29","end_time":"3823.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3824.2","end_time":"3824.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9333","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3826.1","end_time":"3826.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3826.65","end_time":"3826.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8818","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3826.93","end_time":"3827.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3827.04","end_time":"3827.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3827.27","end_time":"3827.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9745","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3827.33","end_time":"3827.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3827.86","end_time":"3828.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.03","end_time":"3828.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.09","end_time":"3828.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.51","end_time":"3828.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.85","end_time":"3829.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8215","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3829.41","end_time":"3829.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3829.61","end_time":"3829.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3829.76","end_time":"3830.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.41","end_time":"3830.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.52","end_time":"3830.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.86","end_time":"3831.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.14","end_time":"3831.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.28","end_time":"3831.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.38","end_time":"3831.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9472","content":"intruder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.77","end_time":"3832.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3832.02","end_time":"3832.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"nearby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3833.03","end_time":"3833.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.2","end_time":"3833.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"you'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.33","end_time":"3833.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.54","end_time":"3834.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7601","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.07","end_time":"3834.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9732","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.18","end_time":"3834.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.29","end_time":"3834.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.45","end_time":"3834.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3836.2","end_time":"3836.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.747","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.26","end_time":"3836.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3837.5","end_time":"3837.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.72","end_time":"3837.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.85","end_time":"3838.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"careful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.24","end_time":"3838.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.59","end_time":"3839.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3839.78","end_time":"3840.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3840.35","end_time":"3840.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4549","content":"Two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3840.46","end_time":"3840.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5487","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3840.99","end_time":"3841.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.13","end_time":"3841.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.24","end_time":"3841.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.47","end_time":"3841.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.69","end_time":"3842.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3842.15","end_time":"3842.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.34","end_time":"3842.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.53","end_time":"3842.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8954","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.65","end_time":"3842.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8953","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.71","end_time":"3843.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"truncate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.27","end_time":"3843.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3843.38","end_time":"3843.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.54","end_time":"3843.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9597","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.62","end_time":"3843.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9642","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.8","end_time":"3844.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3844.2","end_time":"3844.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.29","end_time":"3844.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6148","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.41","end_time":"3844.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6148","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.47","end_time":"3844.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.61","end_time":"3844.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.7","end_time":"3845.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"closest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3845.17","end_time":"3845.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3845.75","end_time":"3845.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3845.96","end_time":"3846.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3846.07","end_time":"3846.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3846.49","end_time":"3846.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9718","content":"round"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3846.84","end_time":"3847.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3847.34","end_time":"3847.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3847.83","end_time":"3848.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"preferable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3848.4","end_time":"3848.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3849.23","end_time":"3849.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9696","content":"whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3849.61","end_time":"3849.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3849.72","end_time":"3850.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3850.16","end_time":"3850.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.26","end_time":"3850.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"depends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3851.89","end_time":"3852.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7899","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3853.79","end_time":"3853.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3853.97","end_time":"3854.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3854.13","end_time":"3854.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3857.03","end_time":"3858.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3860.59","end_time":"3861.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3861.71","end_time":"3861.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3861.92","end_time":"3862.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.31","end_time":"3862.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.64","end_time":"3862.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.76","end_time":"3863.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.14","end_time":"3863.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.52","end_time":"3863.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.7","end_time":"3864.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"messed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3864.01","end_time":"3864.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3865.46","end_time":"3865.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9223","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3865.6","end_time":"3865.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9456","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3866.49","end_time":"3866.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.68","end_time":"3866.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.81","end_time":"3866.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.98","end_time":"3867.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3867.26","end_time":"3867.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3867.37","end_time":"3868.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995475","content":"251"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3868.24","end_time":"3868.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9393","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.16","end_time":"3869.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.35","end_time":"3869.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.42","end_time":"3869.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.61","end_time":"3869.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.75","end_time":"3870.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3870.96","end_time":"3871.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.68","end_time":"3871.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.93","end_time":"3872.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3873.86","end_time":"3874.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.06","end_time":"3874.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.15","end_time":"3874.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.61","end_time":"3874.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.7","end_time":"3874.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.85","end_time":"3874.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.95","end_time":"3875.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3876.49","end_time":"3876.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6606","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3876.89","end_time":"3877.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3877.11","end_time":"3877.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"rounds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3877.5","end_time":"3878.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3880.79","end_time":"3881.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.18","end_time":"3881.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.35","end_time":"3881.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.45","end_time":"3881.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.7","end_time":"3882.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3883.76","end_time":"3884.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.26","end_time":"3885.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.59","end_time":"3885.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.78","end_time":"3885.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.87","end_time":"3886.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"intruder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3886.41","end_time":"3886.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9728","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3886.6","end_time":"3886.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3886.87","end_time":"3886.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3886.99","end_time":"3887.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3887.17","end_time":"3887.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5691","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3888.39","end_time":"3888.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9752","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3888.65","end_time":"3888.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7268","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3888.92","end_time":"3889.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5002","content":"round"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.21","end_time":"3889.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.39","end_time":"3889.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.51","end_time":"3889.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.6","end_time":"3890.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6832","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3890.37","end_time":"3890.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3890.55","end_time":"3890.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9664","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3890.7","end_time":"3891.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.03","end_time":"3891.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.42","end_time":"3891.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"handle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.83","end_time":"3892.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3892.06","end_time":"3892.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3892.3","end_time":"3893.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discrepancy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3893.25","end_time":"3893.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3893.44","end_time":"3893.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3893.53","end_time":"3893.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3893.81","end_time":"3893.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3893.93","end_time":"3894.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"digits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3896.67","end_time":"3896.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7785","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3897.0","end_time":"3897.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3897.33","end_time":"3897.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"honestly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3897.78","end_time":"3897.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3897.99","end_time":"3898.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"isn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3898.31","end_time":"3898.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3898.52","end_time":"3899.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3899.35","end_time":"3899.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5938","content":"We'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3899.75","end_time":"3900.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"worry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3900.0","end_time":"3900.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9125","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3900.25","end_time":"3900.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3900.42","end_time":"3900.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3900.92","end_time":"3901.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.42","end_time":"3901.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.82","end_time":"3901.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.98","end_time":"3902.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3902.2","end_time":"3902.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9235","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3902.43","end_time":"3902.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3902.58","end_time":"3902.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3902.82","end_time":"3903.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3903.35","end_time":"3903.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9749","content":"You'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.23","end_time":"3904.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.5","end_time":"3905.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"develop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.1","end_time":"3905.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.26","end_time":"3905.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"skills"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.68","end_time":"3906.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.12","end_time":"3906.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.43","end_time":"3906.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sorts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.68","end_time":"3906.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.27","end_time":"3907.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"corner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.71","end_time":"3908.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"cases"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.28","end_time":"3908.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3908.55","end_time":"3908.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7659","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3909.18","end_time":"3909.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.36","end_time":"3909.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"becomes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.76","end_time":"3910.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3910.3","end_time":"3910.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3910.55","end_time":"3910.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3910.73","end_time":"3910.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3910.79","end_time":"3911.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3911.07","end_time":"3911.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3911.21","end_time":"3911.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"famous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3911.61","end_time":"3912.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"stories"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3912.1","end_time":"3912.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9352","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3912.74","end_time":"3913.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3913.28","end_time":"3913.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3913.57","end_time":"3913.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9584","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3913.87","end_time":"3914.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3915.47","end_time":"3915.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3915.66","end_time":"3915.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3915.79","end_time":"3916.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3916.05","end_time":"3916.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3916.52","end_time":"3916.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"launch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3916.85","end_time":"3917.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3917.12","end_time":"3917.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3917.42","end_time":"3917.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3918.19","end_time":"3918.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3918.64","end_time":"3919.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3919.21","end_time":"3919.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3919.81","end_time":"3920.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.07","end_time":"3920.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conversion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.62","end_time":"3921.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3921.43","end_time":"3921.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3921.54","end_time":"3921.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7831","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3921.7","end_time":"3922.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7831","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3922.05","end_time":"3922.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3922.69","end_time":"3923.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3923.48","end_time":"3923.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3924.12","end_time":"3924.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3924.36","end_time":"3924.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3924.57","end_time":"3924.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3924.88","end_time":"3924.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3924.97","end_time":"3925.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3926.27","end_time":"3926.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3926.77","end_time":"3927.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"disasters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3927.47","end_time":"3927.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3927.66","end_time":"3928.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3929.19","end_time":"3929.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"Major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3929.86","end_time":"3930.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3930.16","end_time":"3930.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3930.51","end_time":"3930.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"issues"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3930.87","end_time":"3931.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.25","end_time":"3931.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.53","end_time":"3931.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.92","end_time":"3932.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.27","end_time":"3932.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.88","end_time":"3933.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3933.2","end_time":"3933.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tiny"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3933.55","end_time":"3933.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3933.79","end_time":"3934.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"mistake"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3934.23","end_time":"3934.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3934.43","end_time":"3934.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3935.19","end_time":"3935.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3937.09","end_time":"3937.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3937.32","end_time":"3937.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"encouraging"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3937.79","end_time":"3938.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3940.09","end_time":"3940.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7897","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3940.92","end_time":"3941.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9224","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.29","end_time":"3942.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8131","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3942.59","end_time":"3942.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.73","end_time":"3943.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.09","end_time":"3943.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8995","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.42","end_time":"3943.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.69","end_time":"3943.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.83","end_time":"3943.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.96","end_time":"3944.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3944.3","end_time":"3944.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3944.53","end_time":"3944.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6358","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3944.78","end_time":"3945.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3945.09","end_time":"3945.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8668","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3945.32","end_time":"3945.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3946.84","end_time":"3947.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3948.93","end_time":"3949.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3949.37","end_time":"3949.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3949.56","end_time":"3949.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3949.84","end_time":"3950.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8958","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3950.85","end_time":"3950.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3950.98","end_time":"3951.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"snippet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3951.46","end_time":"3951.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3951.87","end_time":"3952.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.18","end_time":"3953.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.47","end_time":"3953.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.62","end_time":"3953.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.848","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.97","end_time":"3954.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.45","end_time":"3954.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8585","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.53","end_time":"3954.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.9","end_time":"3955.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3955.04","end_time":"3955.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3955.17","end_time":"3955.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dealing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3955.59","end_time":"3955.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3956.21","end_time":"3956.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3956.52","end_time":"3956.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9627","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3956.95","end_time":"3957.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.04","end_time":"3957.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.21","end_time":"3957.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.31","end_time":"3957.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.47","end_time":"3957.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.8","end_time":"3958.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3958.09","end_time":"3958.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9333","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3958.17","end_time":"3958.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3958.46","end_time":"3958.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3960.63","end_time":"3960.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3960.83","end_time":"3961.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.38","end_time":"3962.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.64","end_time":"3962.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.91","end_time":"3962.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6873","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.96","end_time":"3963.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3965.08","end_time":"3965.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3965.41","end_time":"3966.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3966.09","end_time":"3966.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7847","content":"records"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3966.59","end_time":"3966.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3966.75","end_time":"3966.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3966.92","end_time":"3967.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8271","content":"str"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3968.58","end_time":"3968.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3968.78","end_time":"3968.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3968.89","end_time":"3969.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.2","end_time":"3969.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.32","end_time":"3969.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.44","end_time":"3969.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dealing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.82","end_time":"3970.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.0","end_time":"3970.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.47","end_time":"3970.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.11","end_time":"3971.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.24","end_time":"3971.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.49","end_time":"3971.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.61","end_time":"3971.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.71","end_time":"3971.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.89","end_time":"3971.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.97","end_time":"3972.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.08","end_time":"3972.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3978.98","end_time":"3979.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3980.56","end_time":"3980.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3980.91","end_time":"3981.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6843","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3981.15","end_time":"3981.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3983.06","end_time":"3983.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3983.28","end_time":"3983.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3983.36","end_time":"3983.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3983.52","end_time":"3983.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3983.66","end_time":"3984.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9806","content":"Hello"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3984.37","end_time":"3984.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.51","end_time":"3984.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.71","end_time":"3984.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.89","end_time":"3985.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3985.02","end_time":"3985.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"world"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3988.58","end_time":"3989.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3991.88","end_time":"3992.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3992.11","end_time":"3992.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3992.49","end_time":"3992.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3992.64","end_time":"3992.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3992.77","end_time":"3993.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3994.08","end_time":"3994.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9759","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3994.45","end_time":"3995.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3995.13","end_time":"3995.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3995.71","end_time":"3996.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8307","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3996.02","end_time":"3996.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4845","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3997.15","end_time":"3997.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3997.71","end_time":"3997.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3997.94","end_time":"3998.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.3","end_time":"3998.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.95","end_time":"3999.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"typically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3999.41","end_time":"3999.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3999.72","end_time":"4000.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.15","end_time":"4000.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.22","end_time":"4000.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.54","end_time":"4000.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.68","end_time":"4000.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.87","end_time":"4001.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4001.19","end_time":"4001.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4001.75","end_time":"4001.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4001.88","end_time":"4001.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4001.97","end_time":"4002.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4002.29","end_time":"4002.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4002.45","end_time":"4002.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4002.74","end_time":"4002.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4002.81","end_time":"4003.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.02","end_time":"4003.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.14","end_time":"4003.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.24","end_time":"4003.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.42","end_time":"4004.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.29","end_time":"4004.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9777","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4004.47","end_time":"4004.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.56","end_time":"4004.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"never"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.75","end_time":"4004.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9596","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.96","end_time":"4005.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9417","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4005.21","end_time":"4005.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4005.68","end_time":"4006.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.37","end_time":"4006.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9146","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4006.95","end_time":"4007.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4007.13","end_time":"4007.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4007.26","end_time":"4007.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4007.6","end_time":"4007.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4007.82","end_time":"4007.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4007.9","end_time":"4008.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.27","end_time":"4008.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7515","content":"meeting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.55","end_time":"4008.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.66","end_time":"4008.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.75","end_time":"4009.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.05","end_time":"4009.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.87","end_time":"4010.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4010.15","end_time":"4010.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4010.58","end_time":"4010.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4010.68","end_time":"4010.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9455","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4010.85","end_time":"4011.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.14","end_time":"4011.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5929","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.23","end_time":"4011.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5008","content":"smushed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.65","end_time":"4011.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.76","end_time":"4012.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4012.49","end_time":"4012.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4012.69","end_time":"4012.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4012.9","end_time":"4013.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"Concatenation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4018.35","end_time":"4018.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8982","content":"Notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4018.72","end_time":"4018.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4018.93","end_time":"4019.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9294","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4019.22","end_time":"4019.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4019.76","end_time":"4020.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4020.25","end_time":"4020.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4020.39","end_time":"4020.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8703","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4020.6","end_time":"4020.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7761","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4020.81","end_time":"4020.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4020.98","end_time":"4021.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.07","end_time":"4021.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.31","end_time":"4021.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9563","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.38","end_time":"4021.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4021.89","end_time":"4021.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.98","end_time":"4022.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.58","end_time":"4024.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.651","content":"ad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.06","end_time":"4025.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.36","end_time":"4025.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4026.18","end_time":"4026.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4026.29","end_time":"4026.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4026.51","end_time":"4027.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8707","content":"Hello"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4027.01","end_time":"4027.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4027.09","end_time":"4027.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4027.54","end_time":"4027.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6155","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4027.66","end_time":"4027.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4027.75","end_time":"4028.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4028.32","end_time":"4028.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"world"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4032.64","end_time":"4033.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4033.51","end_time":"4033.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4033.66","end_time":"4034.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"careful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.18","end_time":"4035.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.46","end_time":"4035.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.61","end_time":"4035.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9264","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.72","end_time":"4036.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9751","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4036.0","end_time":"4036.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4036.92","end_time":"4037.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.08","end_time":"4037.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.19","end_time":"4037.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dealing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.5","end_time":"4037.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.72","end_time":"4038.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4038.2","end_time":"4039.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"representations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4039.02","end_time":"4039.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4039.14","end_time":"4039.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4040.22","end_time":"4040.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8437","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4040.82","end_time":"4041.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4041.15","end_time":"4041.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4041.56","end_time":"4041.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9513","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4041.89","end_time":"4042.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.81","end_time":"4043.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.16","end_time":"4043.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.47","end_time":"4043.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.74","end_time":"4044.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.23","end_time":"4044.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numerical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.87","end_time":"4045.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.32","end_time":"4045.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.44","end_time":"4045.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.52","end_time":"4045.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.85","end_time":"4046.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4046.39","end_time":"4046.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4046.6","end_time":"4047.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.02","end_time":"4047.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.3","end_time":"4047.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.4","end_time":"4048.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9562","content":"symbol"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.76","end_time":"4048.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.99","end_time":"4049.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4049.96","end_time":"4050.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4050.24","end_time":"4050.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4050.4","end_time":"4050.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4050.53","end_time":"4050.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4050.64","end_time":"4051.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.31","end_time":"4051.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4052.05","end_time":"4052.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8923","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4052.24","end_time":"4052.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4052.7","end_time":"4052.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6797","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4052.85","end_time":"4053.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.15","end_time":"4053.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8899","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.27","end_time":"4053.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4053.7","end_time":"4053.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.83","end_time":"4054.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4054.06","end_time":"4054.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pushes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4054.39","end_time":"4054.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4054.53","end_time":"4054.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4054.99","end_time":"4055.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4055.12","end_time":"4055.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8767","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4055.62","end_time":"4056.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"33"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.53","end_time":"4057.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4057.68","end_time":"4057.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.528","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.17","end_time":"4058.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5544","content":"noticed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.54","end_time":"4058.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.67","end_time":"4058.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.83","end_time":"4059.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.27","end_time":"4059.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.4","end_time":"4059.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.9","end_time":"4060.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.09","end_time":"4060.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.56","end_time":"4060.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.82","end_time":"4061.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.02","end_time":"4061.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.12","end_time":"4061.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.48","end_time":"4062.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4062.36","end_time":"4062.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"Regardless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4062.92","end_time":"4063.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.05","end_time":"4063.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.32","end_time":"4063.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.47","end_time":"4063.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8916","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.83","end_time":"4064.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.02","end_time":"4064.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.19","end_time":"4064.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.53","end_time":"4064.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.62","end_time":"4065.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4065.22","end_time":"4065.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5864","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4065.49","end_time":"4065.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4065.77","end_time":"4066.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.23","end_time":"4066.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9612","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.33","end_time":"4066.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.83","end_time":"4067.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4067.17","end_time":"4067.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4067.55","end_time":"4067.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4067.66","end_time":"4068.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4068.33","end_time":"4068.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.55","end_time":"4068.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6362","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.64","end_time":"4068.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.87","end_time":"4069.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4069.31","end_time":"4069.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4069.54","end_time":"4069.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.11","end_time":"4070.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.51","end_time":"4070.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.58","end_time":"4070.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.73","end_time":"4070.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.92","end_time":"4071.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"quote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4071.14","end_time":"4071.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4071.24","end_time":"4071.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9114","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4071.47","end_time":"4071.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9641","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4071.79","end_time":"4071.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.74","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4071.87","end_time":"4072.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8916","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.1","end_time":"4072.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"treats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.35","end_time":"4072.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.51","end_time":"4072.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.72","end_time":"4072.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.83","end_time":"4073.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.6","end_time":"4074.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.72","end_time":"4074.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.91","end_time":"4075.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4075.0","end_time":"4075.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4075.11","end_time":"4075.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"consistent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4076.08","end_time":"4076.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4076.55","end_time":"4076.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9395","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4077.14","end_time":"4077.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.31","end_time":"4077.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.6","end_time":"4077.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.79","end_time":"4078.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.05","end_time":"4078.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.14","end_time":"4078.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.25","end_time":"4078.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.35","end_time":"4078.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.52","end_time":"4078.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.57","end_time":"4078.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.91","end_time":"4079.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"quote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4080.91","end_time":"4081.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.09","end_time":"4081.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.31","end_time":"4082.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiplication"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4087.16","end_time":"4087.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.3","end_time":"4087.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.49","end_time":"4088.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4090.94","end_time":"4091.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4091.05","end_time":"4091.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4091.96","end_time":"4092.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.765","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4092.27","end_time":"4092.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9485","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4092.34","end_time":"4093.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"constant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.07","end_time":"4093.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.2","end_time":"4093.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.36","end_time":"4093.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4094.46","end_time":"4095.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"repeats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4095.06","end_time":"4095.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4095.73","end_time":"4095.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4095.99","end_time":"4096.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.28","end_time":"4096.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.39","end_time":"4096.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4097.19","end_time":"4097.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4098.47","end_time":"4098.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4098.69","end_time":"4098.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4098.79","end_time":"4099.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4099.93","end_time":"4100.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4100.1","end_time":"4100.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4100.17","end_time":"4100.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4100.41","end_time":"4100.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4100.64","end_time":"4101.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4101.16","end_time":"4101.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4101.64","end_time":"4101.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4101.83","end_time":"4101.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4101.94","end_time":"4102.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.1","end_time":"4102.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.47","end_time":"4102.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.83","end_time":"4103.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4103.2","end_time":"4103.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4103.44","end_time":"4103.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4103.64","end_time":"4103.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4103.97","end_time":"4104.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.12","end_time":"4104.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.3","end_time":"4104.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"itself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.95","end_time":"4105.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.1","end_time":"4105.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.21","end_time":"4105.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8001","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.33","end_time":"4105.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"itself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.72","end_time":"4106.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4107.07","end_time":"4107.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4109.51","end_time":"4109.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4109.76","end_time":"4109.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4109.82","end_time":"4110.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.03","end_time":"4110.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.11","end_time":"4110.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.31","end_time":"4110.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.57","end_time":"4110.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.59","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.07","end_time":"4111.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9594","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.36","end_time":"4111.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8783","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4111.71","end_time":"4111.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.93","end_time":"4111.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.99","end_time":"4112.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.28","end_time":"4112.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.462","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.36","end_time":"4112.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.87","end_time":"4113.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9787","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4115.41","end_time":"4115.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4115.64","end_time":"4115.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4115.75","end_time":"4115.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4115.84","end_time":"4116.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.07","end_time":"4116.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9157","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.38","end_time":"4116.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9113","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.83","end_time":"4117.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.22","end_time":"4117.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3998","content":"es"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.48","end_time":"4117.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5263","content":"Juan"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.9","end_time":"4118.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4118.25","end_time":"4118.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7965","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4118.49","end_time":"4118.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7143","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4119.82","end_time":"4120.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4120.24","end_time":"4120.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.5","end_time":"4120.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.62","end_time":"4120.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.93","end_time":"4121.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4121.11","end_time":"4121.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9521","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4121.34","end_time":"4121.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4121.57","end_time":"4121.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4121.97","end_time":"4122.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4125.57","end_time":"4125.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9611","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4132.77","end_time":"4132.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4132.92","end_time":"4133.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4133.14","end_time":"4133.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4133.79","end_time":"4133.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4133.94","end_time":"4134.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.0","end_time":"4134.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.08","end_time":"4134.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.37","end_time":"4134.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.6","end_time":"4134.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.78","end_time":"4135.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4135.0","end_time":"4135.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"print"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4137.03","end_time":"4137.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9733","content":"S"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.32","end_time":"4137.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.61","end_time":"4137.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.86","end_time":"4137.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9624","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.93","end_time":"4138.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4139.57","end_time":"4139.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4139.76","end_time":"4139.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4139.99","end_time":"4140.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4824","content":"hello"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4140.31","end_time":"4140.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9229","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4140.43","end_time":"4140.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6498","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4140.51","end_time":"4140.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4140.9","end_time":"4141.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4141.31","end_time":"4141.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4142.06","end_time":"4142.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7898","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4142.24","end_time":"4142.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9091","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4142.38","end_time":"4142.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9091","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4142.45","end_time":"4142.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4142.6","end_time":"4142.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4143.77","end_time":"4144.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4144.12","end_time":"4144.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4145.87","end_time":"4146.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4147.07","end_time":"4147.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4147.31","end_time":"4147.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4147.47","end_time":"4147.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4147.63","end_time":"4147.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4147.85","end_time":"4148.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"print"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4149.03","end_time":"4149.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9722","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4149.31","end_time":"4149.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8359","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4149.51","end_time":"4149.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4152.07","end_time":"4152.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.3","end_time":"4152.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.49","end_time":"4152.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.76","end_time":"4153.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6564","content":"hollow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.26","end_time":"4153.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4153.69","end_time":"4154.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5736","content":"Hello"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4154.05","end_time":"4154.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8483","content":"Space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4155.77","end_time":"4156.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7832","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4157.77","end_time":"4157.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4157.99","end_time":"4158.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4158.27","end_time":"4158.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4158.42","end_time":"4158.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"isn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4158.82","end_time":"4159.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.07","end_time":"4159.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.41","end_time":"4159.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.84","end_time":"4160.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"focus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4160.24","end_time":"4160.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.42","end_time":"4160.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.6","end_time":"4160.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.97","end_time":"4161.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8937","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.1","end_time":"4161.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9733","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.42","end_time":"4162.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.59","end_time":"4162.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.71","end_time":"4163.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4163.05","end_time":"4163.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4163.26","end_time":"4163.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4165.63","end_time":"4165.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4165.83","end_time":"4165.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4165.93","end_time":"4166.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4166.42","end_time":"4166.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4166.55","end_time":"4166.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4166.78","end_time":"4167.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.18","end_time":"4167.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"amount"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.51","end_time":"4167.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.58","end_time":"4167.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.89","end_time":"4168.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.07","end_time":"4168.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4168.51","end_time":"4168.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.55","end_time":"4168.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4168.93","end_time":"4169.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4169.08","end_time":"4169.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4169.22","end_time":"4169.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4169.41","end_time":"4169.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.3","end_time":"4171.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8875","content":"capitalize"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4171.85","end_time":"4172.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"method"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4172.65","end_time":"4173.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4173.27","end_time":"4174.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.29","end_time":"4174.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.66","end_time":"4175.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.1","end_time":"4175.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"associated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.69","end_time":"4175.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.87","end_time":"4176.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4176.07","end_time":"4176.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9352","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4176.2","end_time":"4176.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4176.47","end_time":"4176.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4176.85","end_time":"4177.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"methods"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4177.95","end_time":"4178.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4178.59","end_time":"4178.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4178.74","end_time":"4178.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4178.91","end_time":"4179.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.03","end_time":"4179.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.24","end_time":"4179.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.69","end_time":"4179.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4122","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.88","end_time":"4180.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4180.18","end_time":"4180.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"methods"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4180.57","end_time":"4180.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.12","end_time":"4181.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.57","end_time":"4181.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.91","end_time":"4182.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4182.25","end_time":"4182.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4182.38","end_time":"4183.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4183.21","end_time":"4183.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.33","end_time":"4183.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.52","end_time":"4183.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.7","end_time":"4183.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.99","end_time":"4184.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.42","end_time":"4185.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"period"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4185.32","end_time":"4185.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4185.58","end_time":"4185.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4185.8","end_time":"4185.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4185.89","end_time":"4186.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.18","end_time":"4186.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.31","end_time":"4186.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.48","end_time":"4186.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.56","end_time":"4186.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.65","end_time":"4187.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4187.14","end_time":"4187.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4187.33","end_time":"4188.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4188.51","end_time":"4189.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4191.77","end_time":"4191.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4191.93","end_time":"4192.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4192.45","end_time":"4192.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4192.94","end_time":"4193.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.03","end_time":"4193.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.16","end_time":"4193.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.38","end_time":"4193.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4193.89","end_time":"4194.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4194.09","end_time":"4194.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4194.18","end_time":"4194.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4194.46","end_time":"4194.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.21","end_time":"4195.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.31","end_time":"4195.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.5","end_time":"4195.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.58","end_time":"4195.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.65","end_time":"4196.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4196.0","end_time":"4196.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4196.17","end_time":"4196.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4196.35","end_time":"4196.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4196.6","end_time":"4196.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9754","content":"cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4196.93","end_time":"4197.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4199.37","end_time":"4199.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4199.95","end_time":"4200.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4200.1","end_time":"4200.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4200.21","end_time":"4200.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4200.3","end_time":"4200.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7181","content":"tab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4200.87","end_time":"4201.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4438","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4201.01","end_time":"4201.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"auto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4201.27","end_time":"4201.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"complete"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4201.99","end_time":"4202.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.17","end_time":"4202.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.25","end_time":"4202.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.46","end_time":"4202.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.65","end_time":"4203.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4203.04","end_time":"4203.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4203.12","end_time":"4203.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4203.35","end_time":"4203.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4203.46","end_time":"4203.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5714","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4203.62","end_time":"4204.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6513","content":"D'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"!"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4204.7","end_time":"4205.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9658","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4208.62","end_time":"4209.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.04","end_time":"4209.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.12","end_time":"4209.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.35","end_time":"4209.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.5","end_time":"4209.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.7","end_time":"4210.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.17","end_time":"4210.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"listed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.6","end_time":"4211.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4212.26","end_time":"4212.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.41","end_time":"4212.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.52","end_time":"4212.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.61","end_time":"4212.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.74","end_time":"4212.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.8","end_time":"4212.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.92","end_time":"4213.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4213.17","end_time":"4213.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4213.49","end_time":"4213.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4213.7","end_time":"4214.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4214.01","end_time":"4214.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"methods"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4214.32","end_time":"4214.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4214.41","end_time":"4214.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4214.93","end_time":"4215.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4215.26","end_time":"4215.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"google"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4215.6","end_time":"4215.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4216.16","end_time":"4216.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7897","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4217.31","end_time":"4218.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.05","end_time":"4218.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.47","end_time":"4219.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"replace"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4219.74","end_time":"4220.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"replace"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.6","end_time":"4220.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.87","end_time":"4221.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4221.05","end_time":"4221.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"replaces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4221.82","end_time":"4222.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4222.03","end_time":"4222.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4222.41","end_time":"4222.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4222.51","end_time":"4222.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4222.6","end_time":"4222.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8313","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4222.82","end_time":"4223.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4223.34","end_time":"4223.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4223.49","end_time":"4223.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4223.58","end_time":"4223.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4223.81","end_time":"4224.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4237.35","end_time":"4237.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6612","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4237.54","end_time":"4237.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4237.67","end_time":"4237.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4237.76","end_time":"4238.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4238.04","end_time":"4238.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7589","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4239.73","end_time":"4239.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4239.87","end_time":"4240.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.05","end_time":"4240.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.24","end_time":"4240.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.43","end_time":"4240.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.91","end_time":"4241.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4241.3","end_time":"4241.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9056","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4241.41","end_time":"4241.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4241.56","end_time":"4241.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4241.82","end_time":"4241.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4241.93","end_time":"4242.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4242.03","end_time":"4242.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8922","content":"results"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4243.6","end_time":"4243.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4245.16","end_time":"4245.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.48","end_time":"4245.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.58","end_time":"4245.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.83","end_time":"4246.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.33","end_time":"4246.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3641","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.43","end_time":"4246.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5497","content":"upper"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.77","end_time":"4247.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5497","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.77","end_time":"4249.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9593","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4249.1","end_time":"4249.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4249.27","end_time":"4249.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4249.37","end_time":"4250.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4250.48","end_time":"4250.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4250.58","end_time":"4250.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4250.86","end_time":"4251.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4251.3","end_time":"4251.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4252.16","end_time":"4252.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4252.35","end_time":"4252.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4252.51","end_time":"4252.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4252.92","end_time":"4253.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3232","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.05","end_time":"4253.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5963","content":"upper"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.27","end_time":"4253.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5967","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4253.55","end_time":"4253.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.67","end_time":"4253.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.83","end_time":"4254.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.03","end_time":"4254.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.12","end_time":"4254.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4254.34","end_time":"4254.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.83","end_time":"4254.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6685","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.94","end_time":"4255.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6471","content":"upper"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4255.16","end_time":"4255.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6471","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4256.06","end_time":"4256.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4256.28","end_time":"4256.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.37","end_time":"4256.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.49","end_time":"4256.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.62","end_time":"4256.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.76","end_time":"4257.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.07","end_time":"4257.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.25","end_time":"4257.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"crazy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.56","end_time":"4257.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.66","end_time":"4257.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.74","end_time":"4257.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.87","end_time":"4257.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.95","end_time":"4258.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.11","end_time":"4258.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.18","end_time":"4258.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4258.98","end_time":"4259.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4259.21","end_time":"4259.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.31","end_time":"4259.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.39","end_time":"4259.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.57","end_time":"4259.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.91","end_time":"4260.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.01","end_time":"4260.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"execute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.45","end_time":"4260.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.53","end_time":"4260.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.85","end_time":"4261.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.06","end_time":"4262.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.22","end_time":"4262.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.33","end_time":"4262.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.38","end_time":"4262.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"execute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.87","end_time":"4262.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.98","end_time":"4263.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4263.31","end_time":"4263.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9736","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4264.85","end_time":"4265.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.04","end_time":"4265.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.15","end_time":"4265.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6661","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.36","end_time":"4265.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.56","end_time":"4266.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.59","end_time":"4273.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.84","end_time":"4274.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4274.01","end_time":"4274.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4275.07","end_time":"4275.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4275.38","end_time":"4275.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4275.48","end_time":"4276.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"depends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.03","end_time":"4276.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.16","end_time":"4277.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.43","end_time":"4278.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4278.07","end_time":"4278.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4278.58","end_time":"4278.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4278.98","end_time":"4279.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.3","end_time":"4279.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.72","end_time":"4280.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"taken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4280.1","end_time":"4280.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.41","end_time":"4280.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.67","end_time":"4280.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.85","end_time":"4281.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9808","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.22","end_time":"4281.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8852","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.63","end_time":"4281.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9556","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.98","end_time":"4282.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"taken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4282.3","end_time":"4282.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4282.55","end_time":"4282.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4282.63","end_time":"4282.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4282.94","end_time":"4283.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4283.12","end_time":"4283.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9489","content":"Max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4283.87","end_time":"4284.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9667","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4284.03","end_time":"4284.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.13","end_time":"4284.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.22","end_time":"4284.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"depends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.67","end_time":"4284.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.8","end_time":"4284.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.96","end_time":"4285.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4285.14","end_time":"4285.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4285.27","end_time":"4285.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4286.56","end_time":"4286.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8742","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4286.93","end_time":"4287.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.1","end_time":"4287.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.26","end_time":"4287.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.57","end_time":"4288.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4288.41","end_time":"4288.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4289.15","end_time":"4289.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.31","end_time":"4289.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.49","end_time":"4289.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"supposed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.83","end_time":"4289.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.9","end_time":"4290.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.07","end_time":"4290.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.45","end_time":"4290.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4291.41","end_time":"4291.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4291.58","end_time":"4291.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4291.7","end_time":"4291.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4291.94","end_time":"4292.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.06","end_time":"4292.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.13","end_time":"4292.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.43","end_time":"4292.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.58","end_time":"4292.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.66","end_time":"4293.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.12","end_time":"4293.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.28","end_time":"4293.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.36","end_time":"4293.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.67","end_time":"4294.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"converted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4294.12","end_time":"4294.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8562","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4294.2","end_time":"4294.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9482","content":"upper"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4294.48","end_time":"4294.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9482","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4294.99","end_time":"4295.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4295.12","end_time":"4295.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4295.22","end_time":"4295.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4295.3","end_time":"4295.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4295.52","end_time":"4295.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4295.62","end_time":"4295.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4295.77","end_time":"4296.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4296.12","end_time":"4296.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4296.24","end_time":"4296.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4297.31","end_time":"4297.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4297.42","end_time":"4297.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4297.56","end_time":"4297.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4300.23","end_time":"4300.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4300.45","end_time":"4300.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9395","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4300.64","end_time":"4301.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"complain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4302.52","end_time":"4302.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4302.77","end_time":"4302.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4302.89","end_time":"4303.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4303.17","end_time":"4303.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4303.39","end_time":"4303.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4303.93","end_time":"4304.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.06","end_time":"4304.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.14","end_time":"4304.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.41","end_time":"4304.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.52","end_time":"4304.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9349","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4305.4","end_time":"4305.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4305.61","end_time":"4305.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4305.69","end_time":"4306.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"depends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4306.21","end_time":"4306.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4306.41","end_time":"4306.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4306.49","end_time":"4306.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4306.92","end_time":"4307.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9767","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4307.12","end_time":"4307.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4307.35","end_time":"4307.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"upper"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4307.77","end_time":"4307.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4307.91","end_time":"4308.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4308.0","end_time":"4308.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4308.41","end_time":"4308.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4308.69","end_time":"4309.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4309.03","end_time":"4309.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4309.24","end_time":"4309.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4309.66","end_time":"4309.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7108","content":"whereas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4309.94","end_time":"4310.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"replaces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.63","end_time":"4310.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7116","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.71","end_time":"4311.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.07","end_time":"4311.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.23","end_time":"4311.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.49","end_time":"4311.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.64","end_time":"4311.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9147","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.84","end_time":"4312.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4312.66","end_time":"4313.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.1","end_time":"4313.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.42","end_time":"4313.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.54","end_time":"4313.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.67","end_time":"4313.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.77","end_time":"4314.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.05","end_time":"4314.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.13","end_time":"4314.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"replace"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.53","end_time":"4314.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.62","end_time":"4314.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4316.2","end_time":"4316.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.42","end_time":"4316.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.68","end_time":"4316.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.94","end_time":"4317.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4317.03","end_time":"4317.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4317.28","end_time":"4317.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4317.62","end_time":"4318.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.21","end_time":"4318.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.62","end_time":"4319.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.0","end_time":"4319.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.13","end_time":"4319.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.22","end_time":"4319.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.44","end_time":"4319.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"earlier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4325.05","end_time":"4325.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4326.73","end_time":"4327.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.03","end_time":"4327.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7115","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.14","end_time":"4327.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.28","end_time":"4327.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.32","end_time":"4327.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.56","end_time":"4328.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"complicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.2","end_time":"4328.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.38","end_time":"4328.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4328.81","end_time":"4328.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.93","end_time":"4329.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4329.03","end_time":"4329.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4329.23","end_time":"4329.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4329.28","end_time":"4329.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4329.54","end_time":"4329.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4330.81","end_time":"4331.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4331.69","end_time":"4331.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4331.86","end_time":"4332.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4332.27","end_time":"4332.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4332.62","end_time":"4332.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4332.76","end_time":"4333.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4333.61","end_time":"4333.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4333.82","end_time":"4333.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6964","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4333.99","end_time":"4334.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4334.11","end_time":"4334.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8296","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4334.44","end_time":"4334.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4334.68","end_time":"4335.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4335.25","end_time":"4335.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4335.36","end_time":"4335.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"quote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4335.94","end_time":"4336.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8759","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4336.54","end_time":"4337.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4337.01","end_time":"4337.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4337.09","end_time":"4337.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"beginning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4337.49","end_time":"4337.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4337.59","end_time":"4337.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9337","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4337.67","end_time":"4337.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9308","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4338.24","end_time":"4338.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9523","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4338.49","end_time":"4338.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4338.72","end_time":"4338.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4338.81","end_time":"4338.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4338.87","end_time":"4339.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4339.85","end_time":"4340.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9612","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4340.75","end_time":"4341.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4342.15","end_time":"4342.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4342.65","end_time":"4343.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4344.65","end_time":"4345.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.36","end_time":"4345.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.5","end_time":"4346.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.34","end_time":"4346.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5689","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.54","end_time":"4346.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4212","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4346.7","end_time":"4346.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8987","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.86","end_time":"4347.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4347.15","end_time":"4347.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4347.24","end_time":"4347.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4347.32","end_time":"4347.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4348.38","end_time":"4348.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4348.94","end_time":"4349.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.08","end_time":"4349.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.18","end_time":"4349.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.6","end_time":"4349.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.7","end_time":"4349.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9649","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.82","end_time":"4349.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9649","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.88","end_time":"4350.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"misinterpret"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.53","end_time":"4350.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.71","end_time":"4350.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.85","end_time":"4350.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.96","end_time":"4351.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4351.27","end_time":"4351.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4351.7","end_time":"4352.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4352.41","end_time":"4352.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4352.75","end_time":"4352.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4352.91","end_time":"4353.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4353.42","end_time":"4353.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4353.69","end_time":"4353.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4353.81","end_time":"4353.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4353.91","end_time":"4354.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4355.21","end_time":"4355.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4356.49","end_time":"4357.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9381","content":"Mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.31","end_time":"4357.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.56","end_time":"4357.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.65","end_time":"4357.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.95","end_time":"4358.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.02","end_time":"4358.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.1","end_time":"4358.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.55","end_time":"4358.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.72","end_time":"4358.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.9","end_time":"4359.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.27","end_time":"4359.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.52","end_time":"4359.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.63","end_time":"4359.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.75","end_time":"4359.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.92","end_time":"4359.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.98","end_time":"4360.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4360.05","end_time":"4360.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4360.82","end_time":"4360.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4360.98","end_time":"4361.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.04","end_time":"4361.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.31","end_time":"4361.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.47","end_time":"4361.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.63","end_time":"4361.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.72","end_time":"4361.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.86","end_time":"4361.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.98","end_time":"4362.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.09","end_time":"4362.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.38","end_time":"4362.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.46","end_time":"4362.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4362.63","end_time":"4362.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.75","end_time":"4362.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.92","end_time":"4363.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.0","end_time":"4363.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.28","end_time":"4363.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.47","end_time":"4363.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.58","end_time":"4363.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8234","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.68","end_time":"4364.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8704","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4364.95","end_time":"4365.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9322","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4365.09","end_time":"4365.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4365.95","end_time":"4366.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4366.25","end_time":"4366.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4366.32","end_time":"4367.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"solution"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4367.07","end_time":"4367.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4367.86","end_time":"4367.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4367.99","end_time":"4368.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4368.1","end_time":"4368.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4368.29","end_time":"4368.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4368.58","end_time":"4369.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4369.54","end_time":"4369.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4371.45","end_time":"4372.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.06","end_time":"4372.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.36","end_time":"4372.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.79","end_time":"4373.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.38","end_time":"4373.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.57","end_time":"4373.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.69","end_time":"4373.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.93","end_time":"4374.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4374.21","end_time":"4374.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.32","end_time":"4374.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9153","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.51","end_time":"4374.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.72","end_time":"4374.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.85","end_time":"4374.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.97","end_time":"4375.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4375.26","end_time":"4375.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"instance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4375.67","end_time":"4375.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4375.79","end_time":"4376.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.08","end_time":"4376.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.4","end_time":"4376.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8535","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.5","end_time":"4376.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.76","end_time":"4376.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.84","end_time":"4377.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4377.52","end_time":"4377.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4377.82","end_time":"4377.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4377.96","end_time":"4378.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4378.49","end_time":"4378.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4378.74","end_time":"4379.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.07","end_time":"4379.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"treated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.48","end_time":"4379.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.64","end_time":"4379.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.88","end_time":"4380.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4380.24","end_time":"4380.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"character"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4384.83","end_time":"4385.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4385.05","end_time":"4385.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.21","end_time":"4385.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.27","end_time":"4385.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.36","end_time":"4385.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.57","end_time":"4385.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.81","end_time":"4385.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.93","end_time":"4386.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9778","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4386.95","end_time":"4387.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.13","end_time":"4387.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.47","end_time":"4387.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.88","end_time":"4388.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.62","end_time":"4388.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.84","end_time":"4389.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4389.33","end_time":"4389.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9723","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4389.71","end_time":"4389.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4389.86","end_time":"4390.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4390.95","end_time":"4391.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4391.6","end_time":"4391.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7002","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4391.79","end_time":"4391.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4391.89","end_time":"4392.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4392.19","end_time":"4392.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4392.47","end_time":"4393.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"escape"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4393.55","end_time":"4393.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4393.78","end_time":"4393.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4393.92","end_time":"4394.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4394.2","end_time":"4394.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8851","content":"backslash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4394.97","end_time":"4395.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4395.44","end_time":"4395.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4395.74","end_time":"4396.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4396.36","end_time":"4396.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.48","end_time":"4396.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.66","end_time":"4396.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.86","end_time":"4396.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.99","end_time":"4397.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4397.09","end_time":"4397.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4397.26","end_time":"4397.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6682","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4397.31","end_time":"4397.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4397.57","end_time":"4398.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"woman"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4398.65","end_time":"4398.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4671","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4398.9","end_time":"4399.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.36","end_time":"4400.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.56","end_time":"4400.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9743","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.62","end_time":"4400.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.87","end_time":"4400.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.99","end_time":"4401.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.12","end_time":"4401.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.22","end_time":"4401.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.4","end_time":"4401.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4401.77","end_time":"4401.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9592","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.86","end_time":"4401.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.95","end_time":"4402.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.15","end_time":"4402.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9116","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.32","end_time":"4402.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7791","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.86","end_time":"4403.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4403.15","end_time":"4403.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4403.28","end_time":"4404.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4404.54","end_time":"4404.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.82","end_time":"4405.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4405.01","end_time":"4405.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4405.32","end_time":"4406.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4406.14","end_time":"4406.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4406.64","end_time":"4407.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4407.03","end_time":"4407.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4407.63","end_time":"4408.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4408.43","end_time":"4408.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4408.91","end_time":"4409.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.02","end_time":"4409.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"beginning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.42","end_time":"4409.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.54","end_time":"4409.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.71","end_time":"4409.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.79","end_time":"4409.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.84","end_time":"4410.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4410.23","end_time":"4410.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4410.46","end_time":"4410.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4410.52","end_time":"4410.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4410.72","end_time":"4411.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"ignore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4411.18","end_time":"4411.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4412.35","end_time":"4412.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6209","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4413.15","end_time":"4413.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4414.75","end_time":"4415.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4417.55","end_time":"4417.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4417.82","end_time":"4418.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4418.02","end_time":"4418.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6498","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4418.11","end_time":"4418.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4418.91","end_time":"4419.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.04","end_time":"4419.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.15","end_time":"4419.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dealt"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.4","end_time":"4419.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4420.48","end_time":"4420.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4420.94","end_time":"4421.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4421.85","end_time":"4422.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.0","end_time":"4422.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.1","end_time":"4422.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.42","end_time":"4422.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.66","end_time":"4422.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9114","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.78","end_time":"4422.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.89","end_time":"4423.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4423.06","end_time":"4423.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4423.32","end_time":"4423.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7153","content":"woman"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4423.98","end_time":"4424.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4424.43","end_time":"4424.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4424.67","end_time":"4424.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4424.8","end_time":"4424.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6867","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4424.92","end_time":"4425.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4425.0","end_time":"4425.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4425.43","end_time":"4426.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.34","end_time":"4426.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.58","end_time":"4426.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.8","end_time":"4427.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.09","end_time":"4427.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.55","end_time":"4428.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"representation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4429.23","end_time":"4429.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4429.74","end_time":"4429.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4429.99","end_time":"4430.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4430.08","end_time":"4430.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4431.05","end_time":"4431.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4431.4","end_time":"4431.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4431.59","end_time":"4432.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4432.05","end_time":"4432.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4432.3","end_time":"4432.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4432.43","end_time":"4432.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4432.72","end_time":"4432.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4432.85","end_time":"4433.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4433.37","end_time":"4433.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4433.49","end_time":"4433.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4433.72","end_time":"4434.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"woman"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4434.04","end_time":"4434.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8674","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4434.72","end_time":"4434.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4434.9","end_time":"4435.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.24","end_time":"4435.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.66","end_time":"4436.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9101","content":"crunched"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4436.03","end_time":"4436.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4436.48","end_time":"4436.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4436.64","end_time":"4436.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9622","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4436.72","end_time":"4436.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4436.87","end_time":"4437.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9472","content":"spaces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4437.79","end_time":"4437.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6334","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4437.93","end_time":"4438.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4178","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.02","end_time":"4438.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.18","end_time":"4438.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.37","end_time":"4438.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.84","end_time":"4439.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.17","end_time":"4439.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.65","end_time":"4440.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"ends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4440.02","end_time":"4440.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"everywhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4440.99","end_time":"4441.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4441.17","end_time":"4441.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4441.24","end_time":"4441.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4441.52","end_time":"4442.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4443.08","end_time":"4443.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5164","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4445.34","end_time":"4445.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4445.58","end_time":"4445.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8941","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4445.76","end_time":"4446.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4446.2","end_time":"4446.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4446.53","end_time":"4447.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.22","end_time":"4447.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.44","end_time":"4447.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.52","end_time":"4447.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.66","end_time":"4447.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.72","end_time":"4447.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.9","end_time":"4448.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4448.84","end_time":"4449.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4449.62","end_time":"4449.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4449.79","end_time":"4449.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4449.92","end_time":"4450.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.29","end_time":"4450.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.55","end_time":"4450.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.64","end_time":"4451.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"giant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4451.04","end_time":"4451.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4452.29","end_time":"4452.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4452.89","end_time":"4453.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.29","end_time":"4453.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.45","end_time":"4453.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.66","end_time":"4454.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4454.2","end_time":"4454.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4454.42","end_time":"4455.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recording"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.0","end_time":"4455.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4455.53","end_time":"4455.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.648","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4455.72","end_time":"4455.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9503","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.88","end_time":"4456.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recording"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4456.37","end_time":"4456.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4456.43","end_time":"4456.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4456.92","end_time":"4457.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4457.3","end_time":"4457.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4457.43","end_time":"4457.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4457.94","end_time":"4458.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.09","end_time":"4458.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.18","end_time":"4458.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.34","end_time":"4458.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.43","end_time":"4458.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displayed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.89","end_time":"4459.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.01","end_time":"4459.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9737","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.06","end_time":"4459.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.25","end_time":"4459.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4459.76","end_time":"4460.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.05","end_time":"4460.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.2","end_time":"4460.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.58","end_time":"4460.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.99","end_time":"4461.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.13","end_time":"4461.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.33","end_time":"4461.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.43","end_time":"4461.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.87","end_time":"4462.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4462.17","end_time":"4462.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7345","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.42","end_time":"4462.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9627","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.64","end_time":"4462.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.85","end_time":"4463.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displaying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.25","end_time":"4463.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.34","end_time":"4463.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.44","end_time":"4463.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9598","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.48","end_time":"4463.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.83","end_time":"4464.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4464.54","end_time":"4464.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.77","end_time":"4464.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.87","end_time":"4464.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.97","end_time":"4465.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.12","end_time":"4465.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.22","end_time":"4465.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.59","end_time":"4465.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4465.8","end_time":"4465.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.93","end_time":"4466.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4466.32","end_time":"4466.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4466.55","end_time":"4466.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"giving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4466.9","end_time":"4467.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4467.57","end_time":"4467.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4467.98","end_time":"4468.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.5","end_time":"4468.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.77","end_time":"4468.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.97","end_time":"4469.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4469.23","end_time":"4469.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4470.2","end_time":"4470.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4470.48","end_time":"4470.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.61","end_time":"4470.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.73","end_time":"4470.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.83","end_time":"4471.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.02","end_time":"4471.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.09","end_time":"4471.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.27","end_time":"4471.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.39","end_time":"4472.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displayed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4472.02","end_time":"4472.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"nicely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4473.24","end_time":"4473.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.44","end_time":"4473.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"print"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4477.98","end_time":"4478.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4478.92","end_time":"4479.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.62","end_time":"4479.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.84","end_time":"4480.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.13","end_time":"4480.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.25","end_time":"4480.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.02","end_time":"4481.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.27","end_time":"4481.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.77","end_time":"4482.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"treats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4482.16","end_time":"4482.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4482.26","end_time":"4482.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4482.78","end_time":"4483.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6827","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4483.06","end_time":"4483.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4483.34","end_time":"4483.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4483.4","end_time":"4483.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4483.64","end_time":"4484.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4484.08","end_time":"4484.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.28","end_time":"4484.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"prints"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.63","end_time":"4484.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.76","end_time":"4485.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nicely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4485.79","end_time":"4486.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.85","end_time":"4487.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4487.01","end_time":"4487.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9688","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4487.34","end_time":"4487.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4487.56","end_time":"4487.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4487.91","end_time":"4488.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4488.28","end_time":"4488.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4489.11","end_time":"4489.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4489.88","end_time":"4490.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4490.03","end_time":"4490.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4490.49","end_time":"4490.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4490.67","end_time":"4491.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8959","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4491.29","end_time":"4491.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4491.56","end_time":"4492.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.03","end_time":"4492.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8506","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.81","end_time":"4493.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4493.08","end_time":"4493.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4493.26","end_time":"4493.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4493.62","end_time":"4494.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.0","end_time":"4494.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.31","end_time":"4494.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.4","end_time":"4494.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.51","end_time":"4494.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.95","end_time":"4495.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4495.37","end_time":"4495.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4495.58","end_time":"4495.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9837","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4495.7","end_time":"4495.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4495.76","end_time":"4496.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4496.52","end_time":"4496.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4496.67","end_time":"4496.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4496.81","end_time":"4496.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7457","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4496.96","end_time":"4497.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"printing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4497.43","end_time":"4497.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4498.21","end_time":"4498.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4499.01","end_time":"4499.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4499.27","end_time":"4499.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4499.57","end_time":"4499.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4499.76","end_time":"4499.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8594","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4499.84","end_time":"4500.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4509.19","end_time":"4509.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4509.57","end_time":"4509.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4509.74","end_time":"4509.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4509.89","end_time":"4510.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4510.21","end_time":"4510.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4510.69","end_time":"4510.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4510.81","end_time":"4511.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4511.12","end_time":"4511.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4511.42","end_time":"4511.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4512.18","end_time":"4512.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4512.43","end_time":"4512.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4512.71","end_time":"4513.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conversion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4514.05","end_time":"4514.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9334","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4514.75","end_time":"4514.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4514.86","end_time":"4515.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4515.02","end_time":"4515.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4515.14","end_time":"4515.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4515.33","end_time":"4515.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4515.53","end_time":"4515.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4515.76","end_time":"4516.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"genetics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4516.38","end_time":"4516.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.24","end_time":"4518.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apparently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.32","end_time":"4519.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.62","end_time":"4519.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.84","end_time":"4520.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"genetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4520.49","end_time":"4521.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"abbreviation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4521.99","end_time":"4522.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4522.41","end_time":"4522.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"March"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4522.87","end_time":"4523.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4523.82","end_time":"4523.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4523.94","end_time":"4524.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.11","end_time":"4524.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.41","end_time":"4524.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.51","end_time":"4524.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.68","end_time":"4524.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.8","end_time":"4524.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.88","end_time":"4525.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"date"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4525.59","end_time":"4525.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4525.75","end_time":"4526.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4526.08","end_time":"4526.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4526.18","end_time":"4526.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"March"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4527.14","end_time":"4527.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4527.92","end_time":"4528.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4528.43","end_time":"4528.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4528.78","end_time":"4529.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"genetics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4529.3","end_time":"4529.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"papers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4529.82","end_time":"4529.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4529.96","end_time":"4530.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4530.28","end_time":"4530.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.411","content":"publishing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4530.79","end_time":"4531.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appendix"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4531.57","end_time":"4531.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4531.78","end_time":"4531.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9197","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4531.99","end_time":"4532.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9558","content":"raw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4532.16","end_time":"4532.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4533.71","end_time":"4533.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4533.96","end_time":"4534.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.05","end_time":"4534.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"state"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.34","end_time":"4534.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4921","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.48","end_time":"4534.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.71","end_time":"4535.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collected"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4535.29","end_time":"4535.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4535.86","end_time":"4536.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"manipulated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4536.53","end_time":"4536.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9179","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4536.62","end_time":"4537.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8877","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4537.69","end_time":"4537.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8868","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4537.9","end_time":"4538.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8224","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4538.86","end_time":"4539.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Auto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4539.27","end_time":"4540.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"corrects"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4540.54","end_time":"4540.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"March"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4540.95","end_time":"4541.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4541.74","end_time":"4541.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4541.89","end_time":"4542.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4542.35","end_time":"4542.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4542.46","end_time":"4542.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4542.87","end_time":"4542.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4542.96","end_time":"4543.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"March"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4543.47","end_time":"4543.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4543.57","end_time":"4543.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4543.93","end_time":"4544.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4544.37","end_time":"4544.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4544.92","end_time":"4545.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4545.45","end_time":"4546.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"19"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4546.71","end_time":"4547.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4548.24","end_time":"4548.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.03","end_time":"4549.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8417","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.22","end_time":"4549.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.4","end_time":"4549.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.54","end_time":"4549.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.62","end_time":"4549.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"article"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.99","end_time":"4550.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.29","end_time":"4550.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4825","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.7","end_time":"4550.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.738","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.82","end_time":"4551.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Auto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4551.07","end_time":"4551.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Correcting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4551.55","end_time":"4552.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Scientific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4552.18","end_time":"4552.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Research"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4552.66","end_time":"4552.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9873","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4552.79","end_time":"4553.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4553.06","end_time":"4553.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4553.28","end_time":"4553.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4555.74","end_time":"4556.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9754","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4556.02","end_time":"4556.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4556.52","end_time":"4557.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.03","end_time":"4557.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.32","end_time":"4558.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6819","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4558.92","end_time":"4559.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"messing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4559.41","end_time":"4559.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4560.68","end_time":"4560.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4560.95","end_time":"4561.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4561.08","end_time":"4561.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"represented"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4561.8","end_time":"4562.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4562.83","end_time":"4563.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9331","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4564.23","end_time":"4564.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4564.78","end_time":"4564.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4564.92","end_time":"4565.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.12","end_time":"4565.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.26","end_time":"4565.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.48","end_time":"4565.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.6","end_time":"4565.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.83","end_time":"4565.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.94","end_time":"4566.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"suss"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4566.23","end_time":"4566.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4566.45","end_time":"4566.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4566.69","end_time":"4566.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9709","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4566.96","end_time":"4567.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"Mar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.44","end_time":"4567.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.87","end_time":"4568.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"meant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.38","end_time":"4568.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.51","end_time":"4568.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.66","end_time":"4569.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.08","end_time":"4569.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"supposed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.37","end_time":"4569.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.44","end_time":"4569.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.6","end_time":"4569.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"march"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.99","end_time":"4570.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.21","end_time":"4570.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"March"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.56","end_time":"4570.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4572.28","end_time":"4572.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.32","end_time":"4573.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8694","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.65","end_time":"4574.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4574.02","end_time":"4574.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"identify"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4574.73","end_time":"4574.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2004","content":"WR"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4574.99","end_time":"4575.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9676","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.1","end_time":"4575.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"genetics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4575.6","end_time":"4575.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9809","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.84","end_time":"4576.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4576.2","end_time":"4576.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4576.61","end_time":"4578.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9043","content":"2310"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4578.58","end_time":"4579.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7807","content":"91"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4579.51","end_time":"4580.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4580.41","end_time":"4580.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9801","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4581.26","end_time":"4581.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7534","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4581.96","end_time":"4582.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"interprets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.42","end_time":"4582.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.59","end_time":"4582.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8838","content":"E"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.97","end_time":"4583.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4583.36","end_time":"4583.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4583.82","end_time":"4584.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.15","end_time":"4584.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.28","end_time":"4584.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.38","end_time":"4584.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4585.15","end_time":"4585.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scientific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4585.75","end_time":"4586.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"notation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4586.83","end_time":"4587.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.18","end_time":"4587.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8431","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.43","end_time":"4587.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.7","end_time":"4588.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"thinks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4588.04","end_time":"4588.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4588.23","end_time":"4588.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4588.44","end_time":"4588.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4588.69","end_time":"4588.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4588.77","end_time":"4589.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8844","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4589.07","end_time":"4589.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4589.35","end_time":"4589.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4589.82","end_time":"4590.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4590.17","end_time":"4590.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.921","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4590.38","end_time":"4590.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4590.49","end_time":"4590.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4590.64","end_time":"4591.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"13"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4591.99","end_time":"4592.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4592.69","end_time":"4593.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7704","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4593.24","end_time":"4593.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4593.49","end_time":"4593.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4593.91","end_time":"4594.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4594.07","end_time":"4594.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4594.24","end_time":"4594.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4594.79","end_time":"4595.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4595.05","end_time":"4595.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4595.51","end_time":"4595.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4595.86","end_time":"4596.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shuttle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4596.18","end_time":"4596.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4596.61","end_time":"4596.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4596.78","end_time":"4596.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4596.85","end_time":"4597.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4597.63","end_time":"4597.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4597.8","end_time":"4598.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4598.11","end_time":"4598.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4598.56","end_time":"4598.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4598.65","end_time":"4598.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4598.85","end_time":"4599.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4599.1","end_time":"4599.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4599.37","end_time":"4599.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4600.16","end_time":"4600.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9393","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4601.13","end_time":"4601.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4601.3","end_time":"4601.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4601.38","end_time":"4601.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4601.68","end_time":"4601.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shuttle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4601.93","end_time":"4602.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4602.13","end_time":"4602.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4602.47","end_time":"4602.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4602.71","end_time":"4603.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"rarely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4603.5","end_time":"4603.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4603.67","end_time":"4604.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4604.53","end_time":"4604.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4604.81","end_time":"4605.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4605.11","end_time":"4605.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4605.21","end_time":"4605.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4606.22","end_time":"4606.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4606.36","end_time":"4606.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4606.7","end_time":"4607.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4607.03","end_time":"4607.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9346","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4607.93","end_time":"4608.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.12","end_time":"4608.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.52","end_time":"4608.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.72","end_time":"4609.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4609.23","end_time":"4609.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4609.53","end_time":"4609.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4610.0","end_time":"4611.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"2016"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4611.5","end_time":"4611.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4611.75","end_time":"4612.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4612.42","end_time":"4613.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"widespread"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.21","end_time":"4613.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.42","end_time":"4613.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.68","end_time":"4614.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kinds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.05","end_time":"4614.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.24","end_time":"4615.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4615.82","end_time":"4616.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.72","end_time":"4618.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.89","end_time":"4619.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4619.12","end_time":"4619.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4619.21","end_time":"4619.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4619.6","end_time":"4619.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"settings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4619.93","end_time":"4620.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.04","end_time":"4620.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7271","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.56","end_time":"4620.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.71","end_time":"4620.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"known"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.94","end_time":"4621.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.03","end_time":"4621.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.51","end_time":"4621.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.591","content":"gene"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.83","end_time":"4622.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9186","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4622.24","end_time":"4622.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5431","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4622.41","end_time":"4622.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4622.84","end_time":"4623.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.03","end_time":"4623.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"floating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.41","end_time":"4623.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.66","end_time":"4624.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9837","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4624.88","end_time":"4624.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4624.99","end_time":"4625.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"programmatic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4625.83","end_time":"4626.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"scan"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.36","end_time":"4626.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.53","end_time":"4626.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"leading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.92","end_time":"4627.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9234","content":"genomics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4627.45","end_time":"4628.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8542","content":"journals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4628.24","end_time":"4628.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"reveals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4628.69","end_time":"4628.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4628.83","end_time":"4629.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"approximately"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4629.53","end_time":"4630.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1\/5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.29","end_time":"4630.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.43","end_time":"4630.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"papers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.9","end_time":"4631.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4631.06","end_time":"4631.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Supplementary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4631.77","end_time":"4632.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4155","content":"Excel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.22","end_time":"4632.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5622","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.42","end_time":"4632.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9583","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.78","end_time":"4633.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7397","content":"contain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.3","end_time":"4633.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.51","end_time":"4633.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.8","end_time":"4633.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.9","end_time":"4634.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"errors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4634.93","end_time":"4635.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4635.21","end_time":"4635.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4635.34","end_time":"4635.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4635.53","end_time":"4635.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4635.86","end_time":"4636.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4636.26","end_time":"4637.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1\/5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.12","end_time":"4637.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.3","end_time":"4637.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9101","content":"genomics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.82","end_time":"4638.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"papers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4638.82","end_time":"4639.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.09","end_time":"4639.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.66","end_time":"4639.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.8","end_time":"4639.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.95","end_time":"4640.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.54","end_time":"4640.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.91","end_time":"4641.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4641.31","end_time":"4641.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4641.59","end_time":"4641.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4641.85","end_time":"4642.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4642.02","end_time":"4642.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4642.15","end_time":"4642.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4642.43","end_time":"4642.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4642.72","end_time":"4642.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4642.87","end_time":"4643.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.11","end_time":"4643.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4648.7","end_time":"4649.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7888","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4649.83","end_time":"4650.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9415","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4650.19","end_time":"4650.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4650.39","end_time":"4650.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4651.85","end_time":"4652.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4652.58","end_time":"4653.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.03","end_time":"4653.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.4","end_time":"4653.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.91","end_time":"4654.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4654.04","end_time":"4654.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4654.55","end_time":"4654.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4654.78","end_time":"4655.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8862","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.17","end_time":"4655.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.31","end_time":"4655.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.4","end_time":"4655.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.65","end_time":"4656.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4656.93","end_time":"4657.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4658.99","end_time":"4660.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"Str"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.22","end_time":"4660.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.81","end_time":"4660.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.87","end_time":"4661.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.33","end_time":"4661.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.65","end_time":"4661.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.73","end_time":"4662.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4664.69","end_time":"4664.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9774","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4665.0","end_time":"4665.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.2","end_time":"4665.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.4","end_time":"4665.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.0","end_time":"4666.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.11","end_time":"4666.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.69","end_time":"4667.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4668.82","end_time":"4669.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4669.15","end_time":"4669.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6081","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4670.93","end_time":"4671.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9604","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4671.57","end_time":"4671.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4671.74","end_time":"4672.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.11","end_time":"4672.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.64","end_time":"4672.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.96","end_time":"4673.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4673.18","end_time":"4673.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4673.27","end_time":"4673.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4673.78","end_time":"4674.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4674.3","end_time":"4674.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4674.69","end_time":"4675.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pieces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4675.09","end_time":"4675.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4675.23","end_time":"4675.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4675.81","end_time":"4676.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4676.12","end_time":"4676.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chicken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.72","end_time":"4678.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7848","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4678.48","end_time":"4679.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"Cannot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4679.14","end_time":"4679.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4679.45","end_time":"4680.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interpreted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.0","end_time":"4680.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.16","end_time":"4680.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.22","end_time":"4680.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.66","end_time":"4680.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.77","end_time":"4680.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.97","end_time":"4681.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"reasonable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4681.47","end_time":"4681.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4682.23","end_time":"4682.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4682.48","end_time":"4682.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4682.59","end_time":"4683.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.03","end_time":"4683.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4544","content":"pythons"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.48","end_time":"4683.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.85","end_time":"4684.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enough"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.13","end_time":"4684.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.25","end_time":"4684.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.4","end_time":"4685.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ableto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4685.73","end_time":"4685.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4685.87","end_time":"4686.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4686.18","end_time":"4686.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4686.35","end_time":"4686.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4686.46","end_time":"4686.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4686.73","end_time":"4686.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4686.91","end_time":"4687.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.01","end_time":"4687.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.15","end_time":"4687.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.24","end_time":"4687.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8286","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.53","end_time":"4687.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4689.12","end_time":"4689.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6903","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.19","end_time":"4689.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7198","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4689.48","end_time":"4689.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.74","end_time":"4690.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"finish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.04","end_time":"4690.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.22","end_time":"4690.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.53","end_time":"4690.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4690.76","end_time":"4690.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.88","end_time":"4691.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.23","end_time":"4691.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.38","end_time":"4691.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.49","end_time":"4691.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.56","end_time":"4691.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.78","end_time":"4691.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4692.68","end_time":"4693.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.573","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4693.26","end_time":"4693.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.42","end_time":"4693.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9701","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.48","end_time":"4693.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9035","content":"think's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.64","end_time":"4693.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.78","end_time":"4694.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4694.05","end_time":"4694.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4699.17","end_time":"4699.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9453","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4699.46","end_time":"4699.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4699.61","end_time":"4699.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4699.69","end_time":"4699.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4699.89","end_time":"4699.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4699.95","end_time":"4700.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4700.17","end_time":"4700.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confused"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4700.76","end_time":"4701.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.17","end_time":"4701.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.32","end_time":"4701.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.64","end_time":"4701.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.88","end_time":"4702.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4702.04","end_time":"4702.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4702.1","end_time":"4702.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4703.06","end_time":"4703.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9628","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.23","end_time":"4703.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.68","end_time":"4703.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.81","end_time":"4703.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.9","end_time":"4704.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4704.92","end_time":"4705.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.12","end_time":"4705.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.18","end_time":"4705.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.51","end_time":"4705.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.86","end_time":"4706.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4706.26","end_time":"4706.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9791","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4706.45","end_time":"4706.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4706.71","end_time":"4706.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4706.81","end_time":"4706.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6516","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4706.88","end_time":"4707.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4707.86","end_time":"4708.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4708.63","end_time":"4708.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4708.91","end_time":"4709.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.17","end_time":"4709.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.29","end_time":"4709.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.45","end_time":"4709.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.56","end_time":"4709.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.94","end_time":"4710.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4710.41","end_time":"4710.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.6","end_time":"4710.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.72","end_time":"4711.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4711.21","end_time":"4711.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4711.53","end_time":"4711.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4711.69","end_time":"4712.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"telling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.01","end_time":"4712.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4712.13","end_time":"4712.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9153","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.28","end_time":"4712.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expecting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.88","end_time":"4712.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.93","end_time":"4713.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.33","end_time":"4713.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.51","end_time":"4713.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.61","end_time":"4713.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.74","end_time":"4713.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.79","end_time":"4714.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.26","end_time":"4714.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.36","end_time":"4714.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.55","end_time":"4714.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7719","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.61","end_time":"4714.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3269","content":"fluke"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4715.62","end_time":"4715.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2727","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4715.91","end_time":"4716.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.15","end_time":"4716.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.46","end_time":"4717.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correct"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4717.02","end_time":"4717.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4717.41","end_time":"4717.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9388","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4718.88","end_time":"4719.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"turning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4719.24","end_time":"4719.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4719.43","end_time":"4719.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4719.67","end_time":"4719.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4719.74","end_time":"4720.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4725.31","end_time":"4725.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4725.48","end_time":"4725.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4725.71","end_time":"4725.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4725.94","end_time":"4726.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8528","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4726.19","end_time":"4726.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4726.57","end_time":"4726.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4726.72","end_time":"4726.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4726.84","end_time":"4727.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4727.28","end_time":"4727.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4728.19","end_time":"4728.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.59","end_time":"4728.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4728.9","end_time":"4729.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7842","content":"03"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4729.46","end_time":"4729.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4729.8","end_time":"4730.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8227","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4730.82","end_time":"4731.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9717","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4732.32","end_time":"4733.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4733.05","end_time":"4733.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4733.24","end_time":"4733.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4733.37","end_time":"4733.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4733.83","end_time":"4734.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.22","end_time":"4734.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4735.52","end_time":"4736.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8161","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4736.13","end_time":"4736.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8139333333333334","content":"6.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4736.99","end_time":"4737.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8938","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4738.96","end_time":"4739.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4739.19","end_time":"4739.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4739.48","end_time":"4739.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9082","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4739.75","end_time":"4739.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9082","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4739.88","end_time":"4740.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9614","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4740.04","end_time":"4740.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4745.0","end_time":"4745.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7861","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4745.82","end_time":"4746.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Similarly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4746.62","end_time":"4746.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.8","end_time":"4747.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4747.17","end_time":"4747.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4747.55","end_time":"4747.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4747.66","end_time":"4748.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4748.19","end_time":"4748.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7496999999999999","content":"4.0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4748.84","end_time":"4749.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4749.01","end_time":"4749.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4749.12","end_time":"4749.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4751.49","end_time":"4751.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4751.66","end_time":"4751.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4751.82","end_time":"4751.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4751.95","end_time":"4752.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.57","end_time":"4753.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4754.92","end_time":"4755.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9574666666666666","content":"4.0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4755.62","end_time":"4755.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4533","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4755.78","end_time":"4756.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8117","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4760.71","end_time":"4760.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4760.99","end_time":"4761.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4761.1","end_time":"4761.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4761.28","end_time":"4761.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4766.4","end_time":"4766.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5532","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4770.52","end_time":"4770.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8359","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4770.89","end_time":"4771.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.03","end_time":"4771.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9665","content":"save"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.3","end_time":"4771.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.41","end_time":"4771.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.86","end_time":"4772.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.23","end_time":"4772.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.33","end_time":"4772.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.61","end_time":"4772.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4773.65","end_time":"4774.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4774.15","end_time":"4774.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4774.24","end_time":"4774.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4774.4","end_time":"4774.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4774.48","end_time":"4774.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4774.94","end_time":"4775.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4775.12","end_time":"4775.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Thursday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4790.92","end_time":"4796.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8623","content":"Thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4796.96","end_time":"4797.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9838","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4797.13","end_time":"4797.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4797.38","end_time":"4797.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9544","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4797.52","end_time":"4797.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6033","content":"UC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4797.94","end_time":"4798.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4798.19","end_time":"4798.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4798.54","end_time":"4799.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9259","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4799.33","end_time":"4799.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4799.51","end_time":"4799.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4799.84","end_time":"4800.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9689","content":"visit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4800.22","end_time":"4800.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4800.88","end_time":"4801.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7826","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4801.03","end_time":"4801.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4801.79","end_time":"4802.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7459","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4802.02","end_time":"4802.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.333","content":"CTU"}],"type":"pronunciation"}]},"status":"COMPLETED"}