{"jobName":"DSC10_0","accountId":"086609129331","results":{"transcripts":[{"transcript":"we owe You were listening to a UC San Diego podcast. All right, Welcome, guys. This is DC 10. I hope you're in the right place. And if you're new to UCSD, welcome to our school. Happy first day of school. Um, DSC 10 is a class that was developed by the faculty at UC Berkeley and some grad students there. And then, you see, San Diego was one of several schools to sort of take their model and adapted toe two different scenarios. So most of the credit goes to Berkeley. But we've done a good amount of modifying it since then. Berkeley has a 15 week course. So what we've done is sort of, like, select a subset of things that makes for inappropriate 10 week course. Uh, my name's Janine, Chief and Brooke. You can call me Ginny, and that's fine. Um, my path to get here was an undergrad. I studied math and computer science. That loyal college in Maryland. Um, and then I I went to study math and grad school here at UCSD. So I've been here for a while now and then I was really interested, mostly in teaching when I was in grad school, So I did a lot of teaching in the math department. When I graduated, I got a teaching job in the computer science department, and then the computer science department was sort of the initial host of the new data science major. So that's how I got involved in the new data science major. And this is, I guess, my 30 year teaching data science classes. So I taught this class the very first time it was offered at UCSD, and this is my fourth time doing it. So I really like data science because I feel like it combines the things that I studied in very theoretical ways. Math and computer science. Before I did date a science, I was most mostly doing proofs and, uh, equations and not so much applications. So I found it really enlightening to see all the different applications of all that theory that I had studied for years before. Some other things I like are listed, too. So if you like any of those things, come talk to me. One day I'll have office hours and they'll be posted on the class website. So here's our class of website should be a link. I'll just open it elsewhere. It's easy to remember DSC tenn dot com So here it is. The syllabus is listed. I'm gonna kind of hit the high points of the syllabus today, but do read it fully because you're responsible for knowing everything that's included here. Okay, so this is a little bit about the class. I'll talk about that a little bit later. There's no prerequisite. So anybody can be here. And I know we have a wide range of backgrounds and interests. There's three different sort of class meetings. There's lecture. I have this class and then a class immediately after it. A common question is, can I go to the other lecture? And my answer is yes, as long as there are seats available. So right now it looks like there's not a lot of seats available. But as the quarter goes on, the numbers may dwindle some, so if their seats in the other room you're welcome, you're welcome to switch. But otherwise stick with the one you're involved in, and your participation will still carry over. Uh, there's discussion section on Wednesday so that will meet for the first time next week that's hosted by our Ta who's really good. He's teed this class before and he was undergrad data science major. So he has kind of a unique perspective on day of science. Same same policy of attending a different one. And I'm doing this thing on Thursday nights where the tutors are gonna help you with programming. So programming is a pretty big part of this class and these air sort of dedicated sessions to brush up on on programming and same policy about attending different classes. There's one midterm and one final, So I'm the only instructor for this class. We have one teaching assistant who will do the discussion sections, Kyle. And then we have a whole bunch of tutors. So tutors are undergrad students who have taken this class and done really well in it. And now wanna like, return the favor to the tutors who helped them and help you guys As you learn this material so they'll hold office hours. They'll help me sort of behind the scenes, get the assignments ready and those sorts of things. So the tutors are really good resource. I hope that you feel comfortable asking me or are teaching assistant Any questions you have, But it's sometimes nice to talk to appear who just went through learning the same material not long ago. So feel free to to use that them as a resource. We're going to use the piazza for this class. Is anyone familiar with Piazza? Okay, if you're not familiar with Piazza, is an online discussion forum. And basically, I direct all the communication there so that I can just check in one place and get all the course related stuff there. And you guys can check in one place and get all the course related stuff there. Um, are office hours are gonna be posted on the calendar. They're not posted yet, but we'll be there soon. Okay, So this class has a bunch of different assessments. There's a small amount of participation which is gonna be done using clickers. So hopefully you saw that You need to get a clicker for this class. You can get them at the bookstore. If you don't have one, I'll start counting participation in the next class. So you have the weekend toe collect your clicker. If you don't have one, there'll be homework assignments. Most weeks on the weeks you don't have homework assignments, there will be a project. So there's seven homework assignments in two projects. There will be lab assignments most weeks and then a midterm in the final. So you can read all the details off how this is how this works and the policies and deadlines and how to submit things. The idea is that the lab assignments are weekly. They're gonna be doing Fridays, and the homework assignments are weekly, and they're gonna be doing the following Monday. So the lab is designed to prepare you to do the homework. So the lab is more guided, and it'll sort of show you an example and then ask you to do something yourself. And it'll direct you to where you need to go if you're having trouble. And it's sort of has these correctness tests along the way so you can see how you're doing, and you just need to complete it. So if you complete it and get all the tests to pass, then you get 100% on the lab. The whole works are harder, and they're not as guided, so you need thio know some stuff before you can dig into the homework, so I always recommend that you do the lab first. I set up the deadline's this way, right. You do the lab by Friday, and then you start on the homework once the lab is done. Um, and the homework grading is a little different. There are these tests in the file that will check how you're doing, but those aren't the tests that we used to grade it. All right, So the tests in the file to see how you're doing, sort of just sort of just broadly make sure that you're on the right track. But then we use these other tests that are hidden to you to make sure that you actually answer the question correctly. Exams are on paper written type of exams. Discussion section is Wednesdays. This is optional component. It's not required or part of your great in any way. But it's just supplementary. And it's useful especially to ask questions in like a smaller setting, because this class is pretty large and kyle are ta prepares new material different from what we have here. So it's just a good way to get extra practice. Okay, so in the schedule of classes. There's a component for this class on Thursday evenings, five PM or six PM And I'm gonna use this, um, this dedicated time for help with basic programming questions. So this was sort of inspired toe get everybody up to speed with basic programming. This class teaches programming, but it does so very quickly because this class is not really a programming class. It's really a data science class. You need to program in order to be a good data scientist. But we don't teach you a lot of programming beyond what you need to do data science. So we kind of put together like a tool kit of the absolute essentials that you need. And that's what we cover in this class, right? And the programming basics is gonna sort of expand on that base of knowledge and help you when you get into later classes like D SC 20 in D. C. 30. For those of you who are data science majors, eso these sessions are also not required. We're not going to take attendance, but we are gonna hold you responsible for the material that's covered in those sessions, right? So if you're a confident programmer and you don't need to go to the programming basics sessions. That's fine, but you will need to demonstrate your mastery of these basic programming things. I'm gonna ask one question from each exam. That's one of the basic programming questions. So these sessions are your timeto practice and get help from from tutor. So these air gonna be run by tutors, and this is the only time to get that help, right? So if you want help on the programming basic stuff, you have to go to the sessions. We're not gonna use our office hours are online platforms toe to talk about that. So it's just one hour a week of basic programming stuff, and that's a little bit sort of dis joint from the from the topics of the main course. Okay, so grating stuff. I have a statement on here about diversity and inclusion so you can read it. But I also just want echo it in person, basically it saying that I want everybody to feel comfortable and safe and included in this classroom and in all your classes at UCSD in general. So I'm doing what I can think of to make that happen. And if you have suggestions for how I could make you feel more included, let me know so that I'm aware. And I could try to make those changes if you have ah, disability and needing accommodation there some information about how you could do that, and I'm happy to accommodate that. Okay, um, I'm gonna go back to the slides to talk about collaboration. Okay, So one of sort of the most useful ways to learn is by talking about about what you're learning with somebody else, right? So there's people that you can talk about that with. You can talk about that with me or Ta Czar tutors. But in this class and many of the things that will learn, you're also free to discuss with your classmates. Okay, So discuss means talking in person with another with somebody else. We ask that you submit all the lab assignments on your own, but you couldn't work with other people. So that means five of you can meet up and like, think about how to do the problems and talk about how to do the problems and work them out on the blackboard and share your ideas with each other and collectively sort of come to come to some answers. But then, when it's time to type hm and submit them, you each go to your own computer and do that separately, right? Um, so labs need to be submitted individually, but there's no limit on on who you can work with and home works and the projects projects. There's two, um, you could do that individually. Or you could do that with a partner using something called Pair programming. So Pair programming is actually a very specific term. That means something. It's not just like work with a partner. It means it's a certain style of programming. So I think of, ah, driving analogy, one of you's the driver and one of you's the passenger. So in order to do pair programming, the driver and the passenger worked together at one computer at the same time. They're sitting right next to each other, and they take turns being the driver and the passenger. So when you're the driver, your job is to code to type to do the assignment, right, And when you're the passenger, your job is to look over their shoulder and anticipate their mistakes. and correct their problems. So it's kind of like driving right, like the drivers in charge. But the passenger, if they notice you're going to crash into something there, you should probably tell you, right, So that's the same idea, and it's a really valuable and proven way of. Ah, learning to program is using this para programming model. There's been studies about how it's effective, and I think it really works because you not only get to do the assignments when you're the driver, but being the passenger is really useful because you see somebody else's thought process right. And you get a new perspective that even if you already knew how to do the problem yourself, maybe steer partner's going to do it a different way way than you. And if you didn't know how to do the problem, that maybe we're gonna learn something from your partner, um, so it can lead to really productive discussions about what's a good way to do something. So you're definitely encouraged to work in pairs because it's it's a really effective way to program. But if you prefer to work individually, you can and you can change partners at any time on any assignment. There's no like commitment to stick with your partner, so that should motivate you to be a good partner to somebody else. So they'll want to continue working with you. So in a way that this class is highly collaborative. But there's some some limits to how much you can collaborate, right? So I said, you can discuss anything you want with each other, but discussion has to be verbal right? You can't send written communication to somebody else describing your approach. Uh, you can't share each share code with somebody else. You can't look at somebody else's code. One of the most common ways that academic integrity violations happened in this class is people post their code to the online discussion forum asking for help. All right, so you're allowed to ask for help, but don't post your code because that's share potentially sharing the answer with everybody else in the class. Right? So we shouldn't see any of your code on the on the online form, Uh, when you're working with a partner with pair program and you have to be together in the same place, um, and I don't want to scare you But I just want to impress upon you the seriousness of violations. Right. You will fail the class if you have even a simple violation. So take it seriously and read the full details on the website of of what's okay and what's not. Does anyone have any questions now? About about that? Yeah. So I think Do you mean asking a question or Googling right? You shouldn't post your code and ask for help, but you should You can ask for help. Like I'm having trouble understanding this or what's a technique that can help me in a situation like that? Right? So you can ask general questions. And instead of stack overflow like we encourage you to use our platform because, um, it's more like Taylor to what we're doing. And many of the sort of the commands and Syntex that were using aren't widely known outside of this class. So, yeah, you can ask questions like that, but but don't post your code and ask for someone to help you fix it. Yeah, Other questions. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you can, um you can sort of Yeah. What do you mean by example? Let me Yeah. So if you can sort of identify maybe the problem that you're having, But you don't understand. Sort of like, why? Why? That's not working. If you couldn't get, like, a minimal example, that sort of replicates the problem so other people can help you. That's fine, but not the code. You're gonna see it Basically, Yeah. Yeah. Good question. So for the pair programming, if you're working with a partner than the two of you together, submit 11 assignment, and it's you get the same grade. So in that case, definitely we should know who you're working with. But in other cases, assuming that your collaboration is just discussion, which it should be, then you don't need toe. Mention the names. I want you. No, this online system where you submit things can sort of link up. Two submissions. Yeah. Yeah. So you don't have to tell me otherwise. Oh, yeah. Good question. So there's two different lectures of this class, and I'm running them sort of all together so you can get clicker points from the other section. You can also work with a partner in the other section, right? So I don't really distinguish between who's in this class and who's in the next class. So if your friend is in the other section of this class, you could work to cover. Does that make sense? Okay. Yeah. We're gonna use Python in this class. Yeah. Good West. Um, let me go back to the website. So there's some, like, some more detailed ah, descriptions of, like what's okay and what's not. Okay, So the text book for this classes online. I really like this textbook. It's very similar to what we do in class. So it's helpful to read the textbook to reinforce what we're doing in class. Some people like to do it before they come to class. Some people like to do it after they come to class. Do what works for you. Try it both ways. Um, sometimes if you read before coming to classic and prime you to better understand what I'm saying and lecture on other people find that if they read it before coming to class, then lecture Super boring because I already read everything in the book. Right? So lectures do follow pretty closely to the book. Um, there's these links on the side that show you sort of the layout of the book. And my favorite part is this button called Interact. Which brings you to this this sort of environment where you can program and mess around with the code that's included in the book soup in Sort of changed. Changed the code in the textbook and see how things might have turned out differently if you had. Oh, jeez. Uh, that's not good. Well, hopefully it starts working. Um, maybe because I clicked one where there wasn't any code. There's no code here. Um, but yeah, it's just like another way for you to practice what you're learning. Yeah. Yes. So you don't need to buy anything, which is great. Just the clicker is the only thing you need to purchase over with these. Yes. So you don't need to download anything If you want Thio have a copy of it. Locally. You can do that, but it's not required. So let me go back to the, um The links Jupiter hub or data hub is this web based programming environment that we're gonna use for this class. So this is set up and managed by the technology service people at UCSD. So I sort of don't handle the technology side of that. So if you have, like specific issues, there's a way to submit a ticket for a request for help request. But many of the issues that you encounter are probably have pretty common fixes. I posted a frequently asked questions document here, Uh, every quarter. It's the same set of questions, right? So you just decided. Put them all in one place so you can answer your own questions right here. If your question is not on that list, feel free to ask it. But there's a lot of a lot of people have problems with getting the System Tau work, and there's, ah, a few different things that you could d'oh to try to fix it, right? So there's instructions there if you're still having trouble than a lot of snow off course. So that system's called Jupiter Hubby. You have to log in with your at UCSD. Dottie, do you email address? If you are like an extension student, are visiting student or something, you should have a X user name, and that's what you use for that. Okay, Has anyone used canvas yet at UCSD? Okay, this is new system that we're adopting. And, uh, it's just like a learning management platform. So I'm going to put the assignments there, and you should already be automatically added when you enroll in the class and also post I clicker scores there, grade scope is, ah, grading website. Basically, we use it to grade your assignments and then post your your grades there. So that's more for the rich in portions of assignments piazzas, the online discussion forum that he mentioned, You can post questions publicly to your peers and the instructional staff and will answer it. Or you can send private messages. Yeah, sorry, Good. Oh, yeah. Okay, so let me get to that. That's one of my f a Q things people are always asking about, like the wait list. What are my chances of getting off the wait list? And, uh, I'm on the wait list, will not enrolled things. If you're on the wait list, the way they sort of manage this class is they only let certain students in, like incoming majors get in first, right? And then there's like a priority order of who gets in the class, and they gradually open the seats from weightless students to allow them into the class of raise your hand if you're on the wait list right now, Okay, so this should be comforting, Like a lot of you are still on the wait list, and it doesn't mean that you're not gonna get into the class. It doesn't mean that the class is full. It just means that you haven't been placed in there yet. Um, so instructors don't handle enrollment. There's some quest. There's like some questions about enrollment are answered on this website. DSC advising is the person are the people to ask if you have specific questions, But if you're on the wait list, you can still do all the stuff for the class. So you should still be able to see the canvas site, which has the links to the assignments. Um, you can self enroll in grade school up using this entry code. Um, you should be able to still log into data hub and everything should work out fine. Um, the people who are on the wait list, I asked them tow, Open it up like a day early. So they're going to try to open it up tomorrow so that you'll be able to have access to everything by Monday is the goal and our first assignments not due till Friday of next week. So you'll have time. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. How do you know? Does anyone know? Does it appear like in your schedule of classes on Webb Bridge? Okay, so it says enrolled for some people. Wait. Oh, yeah. I know what you're talking about. But there are people enrolled. It just doesn't show that for some reason, yes. So that right now there's about 60 people on the wait list and 60 people enrolled in each class. No, but the I think that most people on the wait list will be able to get in because the, like most of the people on the waitlist just haven't had the opportunity to enroll yet because they don't open enrollment for certain groups of people. Like, if you're a senior who is not a date a science major, but you kind of get, like, last priority, right? So you haven't had a chance to get in yet, and they're gonna start doing that tomorrow pulling people from the wait list in. Yeah. Sorry. Can you say I love you. So you should know either tomorrow or Monday. Yeah. So that happens pretty quickly. Other questions. The waitlist is very confusing. Um, this link there kind of explains the process a little better than I'm able to do right now. Um, so these air, like some different systems that will be using this, is ah Q To get help, you can sort of submit a ticket, and a tutor will come help you. This is where you'll submit assignments. You can listen to the the lectures, podcast ID, some documentation on code, and then some links within UCSD. Like how the wait list in enrollment works the advising academic integrity and so on. I don't know what the colors mean. Navy blue means enrolled. I'm hearing. So you should be. You should be okay. Unless it says that you're on the wait list. Yeah. No, I don't think those rooms are able to be podcast ID. It's just a like a basement lab in a computer science building. So it's not like a lecture hall set up. It's like a computer, love. Yeah. What? We're trying to post them about a week ahead. Yeah, he'll be probably a little slower at the beginning of the quarter to get get things up. Okay, so I just want to take you through. You don't need to know what all these websites are right now, right? But there's a lot of different tools and technology that we use for this class, and you can find everything right here. All right, so just know that this links and resource is Paige exists. I talk to you about the F A. Q. The calendar is here and also appears within canvas. Right now. I just have the the course meetings, lectures, discussion, the programming basics sections. That's not meeting today. The first section of that will be next week, and then I have the assignments, right. We're going to add all of our office hours to this. There's about maybe 12 or so tutors, plus me, plus a ta who each have about to office hours a week. So that's nearly 30 hours of office hours a week. So make an effort toe come to office hours. Even if you don't have a specific question, it's really nice to just go on, do your work there, and then if you run into trouble, you could get help quickly. The schedule of topics that will cover each day. And then this is some more specific information about pair programming. And it has some links thio some of the research about why it works. Well, okay, so that's the website in brief. I can't figure you can read it more closely. Let's practice with our eye clickers. Okay, So first thing is, every classroom has a frequency that it collects. We collect the BC frequency, so you have to hold the power, but in and then it starts flashing in the new enter B. C. You should see a checkmark, maybe a green light that says you're on channel B C. And then I the, uh my clicker thing is right here. I have the ability to open Ah, a poll. It's sometimes reminds you what the frequency is, and then you can enter a, B, C or D based on your answer this question a self declared pro. You think you're a pro, But yeah, I think you just hit the letter. You don't have to do anything else. Yeah, so this keeps track of how long I've had the pole open and the number of people who have voted. So there should be more than 65 of you. Everybody make sure the vote. Okay. And then when I'm ready to close a pole, I'll usually tell you. Okay, I'm gonna close the pole in a few seconds. Make sure to get your votes in, and then I can close the pole, and then I can show you the results. Okay, So that means five of you thought you were a pro. Well, see, um, I don't have any way of linking Like your responses to who you are, so I can't, like, collected on Do the self proclaimed pros actually do really well in the class? Yeah. Uh, any language? Yeah, Some experience. Maybe you've dabbled a little bit in python, Or maybe you know, another language, but you don't know python. A few basics and no experience. So, um, for the 11 of you said you have no experience. That's totally fine. I shall honor. Like, reiterate. You're not expected to know anything coming into this class. And we're doing as much as we can to try toe help. People who are new to programming master it. So we'll have lots of support in place for you. Okay, so that's I clickers and participation is just whether or not you voted. You have to vote for at least half the questions asked in a session to get credit for that day. And I'm not counting it today. I'll start counting it on next week. Tuesday, So make sure if you don't have a clicker today, get one bite them, OK? Any questions on clickers? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I should have mentioned that. Um thank you, Canvas. One of the websites exit this. So this is not what I want. Anyway, One of the websites canvas has a link where you can register your clicker, so you need to do it there. Uh, boy. Okay, so, yeah, that's described in more detail on the website of what exactly you need to do to register your clicker, but yeah, registering your clicker links your name to your responses so that you get credit for the what your remote is doing. Okay, so the first assignment in this class is gonna be the lab. It's due next week, not tomorrow, um, Friday night. So you'll have, like, a week to work on it. We probably won't get it posted until early next week, but it's a very guided assignment. So, like labs sort of help you along the way and teach you things as you're doing it. And this lab is designed to teach you the very basics of how to execute cells in python notebooks and how to do the very basics. So this is a great place to start and get a feel for what the class is going to be like. General advice not just for the first assignment, but for all the assignments. Start early and submit often. So the way that assignments are submitted, you just sort of run some command within your program, and it sends us a copy. So just run that command all the time, like never close your computer without running that command right. It takes half a second, and it means that we're always having your most up to date assignment. Right is really tragic to hear when students are like I did the whole assignment. I just forgot to submit it right. Just do it all the time, and your most recent submission is the only one that that we keep. So there's no harm in just doing that all the time. Wait. Yes, you can. That's one of the FAA cues. So if you like, I don't know, changed your answer and then realized your change was wrong, you could go back and flag and earlier submission for great. So our first lecture is now Our first discussion section is next week. Our first programming basic sex session is next week as well. Um, the discussion section is a good place to sort of Make sure you're set up on all the technology for the class. I'll tell you more about sort of the technology we're using in the next lecture, right? There's nothing else today besides lecture, there's like what you're saying. Really? Exactly. So there's gonna be like worksheets with problems, and I'll release the worksheets. And if you look at the work shit, you're like, I know how to do all this. You don't need to go. But if you're look at the worksheets and you don't know how to do it, then go cause that's only chancel gal. Yeah, Okay. Okay. So now we've did like the first day of school stuff. Let's talk a little bit about data science. So data science is not so easy to define. A lot of people have a lot of different ideas about what data science is. Uh, this is sort of the definition that that our book uses. And now that we've come to adopt, it's about drawing useful conclusions from data using computation. So you need all these components write your conclusions need to be useful. All right. You need toe, draw your conclusions from data. Can't just make a guess. Unsupportive. And you need to use computation to arrive at your conclusion. So the computation part is why programming is like an important part of this class. Basically, the class is structured where the first half, about five weeks of the class before the midterm is learning the basics of programming. Right. And then the second half of the class is more data science questions now that you learn the basics of programs. But throughout, we try to use data, science examples s so you can sort of think of these three different components of data science exploring the data, just given a whole bunch of information, looking for patterns and visual. I think the information and easy to understand kind of way prediction is sort of the basis of machine learning. Based on what you've seen, what do you think is going to happen? And that should be informed by the knowledge that you have from data and then inferences Ah, sort of the the subject of statistics. You have observed a pattern, right? But do you think that pattern is reliable or just a fluke? Um, and randomize ation is an important tool and figuring out what whether something is actually significant or not. So I'm just going to dio like a little demonstration to show you sort of the interface that will be using. But you don't need to worry for today about any of the code that you're going to see. I'm just trying to sort of show you what the interface looks like and, um, and just sort of show you some things you can do with data science. Okay, so on the class website, if you go to the schedule on the class website dc 10 dot com in the word lecture right there, that's a link, and this takes you to the platform that will be using So we're doing our programming and something called a Jupiter notebook. It's like a Web based, browser based tool for programming. So UCSD technology people e t s host this and they require you to use your ucsd dot e d u e mail. Then I have to sign in with my credentials. No. Okay, And then there's these different environments, basically each class or set up that that someone he has requested has its own option here. There's really confusing because this is not user friendly. But look for the one that says DSC 10. So right now it's the 3rd 1 But don't just always click the 3rd 1 Apparently 1\/4 like something got added to the list at the top of the list. And then what was The third became the fourth and, like everybody had major problems because they kept clicking the 3rd 1 even though it didn't say DSC 10 anymore, right? So actually read it. This one says DSC Town and then launch environment. So they're starting up a server for me, and once my server is started up, I should be able to go back and click the link again. You need to click the link after you've already logged in to sort of grab the files. So in a way, what this this Web based system is doing is making a copy of files that we provide for you to work on. So it's like a local copy of the files we provide. So that's how all the assignments will be administered will give you this link. And by clicking on the link, you grab a copy of the assignment files that will have the questions without the answers, right, and then gets duplicated. Each one of you has a copy of the assignment in your file system, and you answer the questions there and then submit it back to us. Okay, so this is taking a long time. Um, I'm gonna open it in a different place. Once you open it, it should look like this. Okay, so this is one of the files in that lecture folder that I clicked on, and this is a lecture. One file. So I have pre entered some code in here, and you don't need to worry about what the code says. So to run the code, I just put my cursor inside a cell block of code is called the Cell, and I do Shift Enter. I think there's a way to do it here. Run cells, or there's a but in there called Ron. But by far the fastest easiest way is to shift. Enter. So has anyone read the book? A little women. One person. Okay. It's like a really famous book. A literary classic. I haven't read it either, so don't feel too bad. Uh, but I like this example because it's about a sort of using data analysis toe understand a little bit about the book without reading it. Okay, so we're taking a shortcut. So this is just some defining some code that we're gonna need. And the next thing it's gonna open this book and read it. All right, so you don't need to know anything about the details of how this works, right? But you should notice that the code it is kind of somewhat readable. I'm telling it to open a book and read it. All right. That's good naming. And I wanted to display the 1st 3000 characters. So I actually got this book from a website Project Gutenberg, that hosts Elektronik. Copies of famous classic books and it's free to anyone to do whatever they want with it. Copy it, give it away, reuse it. So what we're gonna do is try to analyze it. So this is literally the 1st 3000 characters. A character is like a letter or space or a single symbol, and you can kind of read what the book is saying. But it's it's not formatted well at. All right, What's what do you think this part is? One playing Pilgrim's to a Merry Chris. What's that table of contents? Right? So this really is probably on its own page, right? And it's probably has being centered or press enter in between them. So it looks nice. Uh, there's some weird stuff. There's these slash ends. That's this abbreviation that means new line, right? So after they list Chapter one playing pilgrims on the next line, they list chapter to a Merry Christmas and on the next line, and so on. Um, some other weird things are like Don't apostrophe has a slash before it. So there's like special characters and things that don't display in a super nice way. In a in a sense, this is sort of how the computer is storing the 1st 3000 characters. If I want to see it in a more readable way, can use a print command. And this is like what it should look like. Right? So this is what the E book looks like. This is the table of contents that we thought it would be. Oh, gosh. Look how many chapters? 47 chapters. Okay. And here it begins, so we relatable Christmas won't be Christmas without any presents. So what I want to do now is sort of separate the text of each chapter. Maybe I want to do some analysis. Unlike what words are most likely to start chapters. Right. That's an interesting question. To really answer that, I probably need to look at a wide variety of books across different genres and time, periods and stuff. But let's just start with this, right? What words tend to start chapters, right? So this is just one giant text file, right? How do I separate chapter by chapter? If you were doing this on, like, Microsoft Word or something, what would you do? Tow to figure out the first word in each chapter Control after? Yeah, that's what I would do control efforts, find right. And what would you enter? Type in the word chapter, Right, Because the word chapter sort of indicates the start of a chapter. Right. You'll get a few extra hits, like maybe at the beginning of the intro text might use the word chapter something I don't know if it does, but you pretty quickly be able to identify where Chapter one is and where Chapter two is and so on. So we're going to use a command called Split. This takes the giant text file and separates it into chunks based on where the word chapter appears. So you have a bunch of text and then the word chapter and then a bunch more text and then the word chapter and then a bunch more Texan. The word chapter. It sort of separates it into these blocks of like, what was before the first instance of Chapter what was between the first and second instances of and I'm gonna put that in a table so that I can see all the chapters at the same time. So here's my chapters. I literally broke it up by the word chapter. So after the first instance of chapter is the word one. It says Chapter one right? And then it it says, the title playing pilgrims. And then it says the text. Christmas won't be Christmas without any presents, all right, and then the next time the word chapter appears, it's followed by two because it said Chapter two and then the title of that one was a Merry Christmas and then the text of that right? So I didn't show them all by default. When you display tables that only shows like 10 rows, but you can look through and you have to do a little more, uh, programming to pull out the first word of each of each chapter, I would need to get rid of the numbers, and I we need to get rid of the the the titles of each chapter, and then I could look for the very first word and and maybe see. Looks like when is a word that maybe is used a lot at the beginning of a chapter, I saw the name Joe a lot. Joe was the first word of Chapter two and the first word of Chapter three, right? So this is sort of the first step in what you might need to do. Tow to answer this question of what words tend to start chapters. So I'll point out that programming is super useful for doing this right. If I I don't know if I asked you to look for the first word of each chapter and gave you a physical copy of the book and be kind of annoying toe like Go through 47 different chapters and flip to the right pages and write down a long list of words, right? I can do it more easily this way. Here's another thing that you can really see the power of computation I want to count. How many times does each character's name appear? These are some of the characters names, right? I see them here. Lori, Amy Jo and so on. Um, how how many times does each character's name appear? If I had to do that by hand, can you imagine even just one chapter right? Counting how many times the person's name appears in one chapter of a book would take probably several hours, maybe, and then doing it for five different characters. Times. 47 different chapters right. You literally No one would ever do this. Okay, so we'll have the computer do it. You see how fast it did that? It did it right And it already did it, like, really quickly. And it displayed it visually. Right? So some of the commands that you can see plot I wanted not just like a a tabular representation of the data, but I wanted a visualization of the data, Right. So here's a nice plot that tells me the horizontal axis is the chapters, right? There's 47 chapters. It tells me in each chapter how many times each character's name has appeared so far throughout the book. So it's cumulative, Which is why these grafts are increasing on Lee, right? Even if the character's name isn't mentioned at all for a while, the total number of mentions would stay the same, never go down, right? So these are increasing, and you can answer some questions about the book despite not having read it. Who's the main character? Joe write? This book is about Joe. Okay, I can at least pretend like I know something about the book now. I think I have some more questions. All right? Yeah. Here's some similar type of questions from the same graph. I'll make this a clicker question. So if you have your clicker, you can vote. So one thing that I know happens in this book is that in chapter 27 So it's about here, right? Joe? The main character moves to New York alone, right? Whenever anybody moves far away, it's hard to keep in touch with the people back home. Right? So these other people, these other three characters, Amy, Beth and Meg are her sisters, right? So, with which sister does her relationships suffer the most on account of her moving. So vote for which one? You think by pressing a B or C? All right, Make sure you vote. Let's see what you said. See, Meg? Okay, So Meg is the yellow? Why? Yeah, that's right. Can someone who voted that say why they thought that alive? Yeah. Yeah, most of the curves, like, seem to follow a straight line. Oh, huh. For right. So I would say that the other sisters had kind of a constant slope throughout. Right, But Meg has a steeper slope, and then it gets a lot shallower, right? right around Chapter 27. So that means that the relationship suffered because the sort of the rate at which she's being mentioned has slowed down a lot. Does that make sense? Um, another Let me see. Be Beth was another common answer. Which one is Beth Green? Okay. Green as though the lowest one. All right, So people probably voted for Beth because that was the least mentioned character. So they thought maybe she had a poor relationship with her. And I would argue that Joe is probably least close with Beth of all her sisters, right? Because she just generally not mentioned that much. Right. But it's not a departure from the move to New York. It's just that she's just not mentioned that much overall throughout the book. All right, so that's Ah, slightly different question. Okay, here's another one from the same graph. Laurie is a man's name in this book. Laurie marries one of the four girls. Who does he marry? Laurie is the pink one. All right. Make sure to vote, please. I'm gonna close this up. Okay. Most people said Amy, That's right. Why did you say Amy? Because they like the curves are, like super close to each other. But more than just being physically close, they have the same sort of ups and downs. Why does that happen? Yeah, When people are together, you talk about them together. So and so and so and so right. Um, so that's what's happening. Especially at the end of the book, right? What? Presumably when they get married or you're going to get married, right? When did they have, like, a little drama in their relationship? Yeah, 27 ish, right or something? That I mean, that's my guest for what happened, right? I can't tell for sure. I can't, like, conclude the plot of the book from looking at this, but it seems like maybe something was going on, right? Or maybe that there was, for some reason, I don't know. Maybe Amy went to go visit her sister on the move to New York, and Laurie didn't come along or something. There's some reason why one of them was mentioned without the other. Quite often. Does that make sense? So in this class, we're not gonna analyze literature. Uh, but but I just like this example to show you the sort of the breath of data signs. You can really apply data signs to anything. So if you have an outside interest, it's a great tool toe to sort of explore that and make the project's more fun for you. A lot of students after this class, you want to do like an independent sort of investigation into something that that they're interested in because, well, kind of give you the basic tools to do that. And in the future, data science classes, you'll have a lot more opportunities for Okay, Um So what we're gonna talk about next is ah, a sort of basic problem of association and cause Ality. So you see these sort of Clickbait articles online? Uh, chocolate chocolate. It's good for your heart, study finds. Right. Wouldn't that be awesome? Right. If chocolate we're good for your heart, it's so tempting to want to believe that So are these things like, founded in in truth or they being misrepresented to answer questions like this? We need some basic sort of terminology toe to talk about studies and how they're performed. So in a study, the the individuals are called individuals are subjects or participant through units, right and this chocolate example that chocolate is good for your heart. The study, The research study was done on European adults. In general, individuals tend to be people, but they don't have to be. There could be something, like countries or some some others type of unit that you're comparing right, but it helps to just think of them as people. For the most part, the treatment is what you give to one of the groups to see if it has an effect. All right, so in this case, the treatment would be consuming chocolate. One of the groups would consume chocolate. And, uh, you want to compare that to a group that didn't consume chocolate and see how the outcome was different. So in this case, the outcome that you're interested in his heart disease, right? There might be lots of differences in the two groups, probably like their body weight might be different if you give one group tons of chocolate and the other group none, right. But that's not what you're what you're trying to make a conclusion about. You're trying to make a conclusion about heart disease. So the outcome of interest in this study is heart disease. So the first question you might ask, Is there any sort of relationship between chocolate consumption? Heart disease? So the technical term for this is an association, but it just means any relation or any link, any connection. In order to answer that, you you need to have data, right? You could speculate. Yeah, I think that's related. Or I think that's not related. But to have, ah, a meaningful conclusion. You need to look at the data. So here's the data from that article among those in the top tier of chocolate consumption. So people who ate the most chocolate, 12% had cardiovascular disease and 17.4% of the ones who didn't eat chocolate. So what do you think? Does that point to an association? Is there a relationship between chocolate consumption and heart disease? I can see your answers as they come in, and I can already see that there's like a lot of, um, a lot of people voting for both answers. Like a lot of people say yes to this question. A lot people say no to this question, and I think both have sort of valid arguments. Someone who's saying Yes. Why? Are you saying yes? Yeah, Okay. So what makes you say there is a link? Hey. Right. So you're saying that they have less of a chance because 12 is less than 17.4 Essentially. But you're saying that's not like enough of a difference to be meaningful. Okay. So I don't want to make, like, a value judgment of whether it's a good link or bad link. Just Is there a link, right? You'd say, Yeah, there is a link because 12 is different than 17.4, right? So the people who say no, right. What's the argument for that? You're what? Yeah, that's a good point. So it could be something specific to the to the group of people that was studied. Another point? Yeah, in the back. All right. Right. So this is, um there could be some other reason for sort of why there's this connection between chocolate consumption, heart disease rates, so we don't have enough information to say whether eating chocolate is good for your heart, right? That's kind of what this study says, or the article says. It's good for your heart. That's literally the words they use, right and from this data, we shouldn't feel comfortable saying that, right? There seems to be some connection. So I would say that there is a link. There seems to be a link, at least in this population of European adult males, because these numbers are different, right? But having an association or they're being a link doesn't mean that one thing causes the other right. So that's the difference between association and causation. A lot of people say the phrase like Correlation is not causation, right? So there's some connection, but it's not necessarily causal. Causal means one thing causing the other. I actually prefer that the word association to correlation because correlation technically means ah, linear relationship, Right? So there doesn't need to be a linear relationship, Just any relationship s. So this is the next question, right? I won't ask a clicker question because we already talked about it. Does eating chocolate cause a reduction in heart disease? Right. You can't really answer this question. So the best answer is C, right? Based on the data, you don't know whether the chocolate was the cause or whether something else was the cost. Right? You know that there's a difference, but you don't know why, right? So it's harder to answer the question of whether there's a causation effect rather than whether there's an association right and what they concluded and this article was that it doesn't prove a cause and effect relationship. So, like, like you like, let's say that used to saving the world and, like some other even knock that. Okay, yes. So they're still in association because there's some link or some relationship where this group has a different number than that group, right? So they're still in association, but not necessarily causation. So association is pretty easy to establish just by looking at some numbers, but causation is much harder to establish. Does that make sense? So this is Ah, cool example, Uh, of sort of the first time that causation was ever established, right? How would you establish that chocolate is actually good for your heart or actually isn't or actually has no effect, right? What do you need to do to prove causation as opposed adjusting that these things are linked, right? How can you be sure that one thing actually causes the other? This is a really important question to be able to answer like think of medical examples, right? You want to know that a certain drug actually helps with cure a certain disease, right? You want you don't want to just, like, assume that one thing causes the other because they're linked, right? You want to know that this drug causes that effect, right? So it's important to establish cause and effect. And the first time this was done establishing cause and effect was in London in the 18 fifties. This was a pretty rough place to be living. It was on the one hand, had very wealthy sections, but on the other hand, had very poor sections, and the sanitation was very poor. In that time, they didn't have, like, waste disposal on modern technologies that we've come to love today, so is generally very gross and smelly. And people were getting sick and the there was an outbreak of cholera, which is a deadly disease that they believe came from like people cut coming from overseas and bringing back this disease. Uh, and this collar epidemic came in sort of waves, and it would wipe out maybe thousands of people at a time, and then it would recede, and just as the population was sort of starting to recover and rebuild, then another wave would come and wipe out more people. So it was pretty tragic, difficult place to live, like in addition, toe being poor and an unsanitary there also living in fear of this epidemic. Um, so people were really concerned about this epidemic. It was affecting everybody's lives and their families, and they were trying to look into what is causing this right. They had, like, a pressing desire toe find out the cause to this effect that they were experiencing. And the leading theory at the time was my as Matiz. Um, so this isn't really a word that people use today. Uh, but my asthma is a bad smell, and waste and rotting matter smell bad, right? And they admit these bad smells and my asthma's were like they thought to be little particles that were carried through the smell into your nose. So they thought it was literally the smell that cause diseases. So they had different potential remedies for this, like they thought, instead of smelling the rotting garbage. If you just held up some flowers to your nose or something then then that would be better, because you wouldn't be getting the bad smells. You'd be getting the good smells, right? So people did things like carry around flowers if they could. Or, um, one of the remedies was go somewhere where it's not so smelly. Right, That makes sense. Uh, the last one fire off barrels of gunpowder was some guy who went hunting, figured out that when he came back from hunting, he smelled like gunpowder. And therefore he didn't smell all the garbage. So he decided to fire off barrels of gunpowder in the middle of London so that everybody could smell like gunpowder and not have to smell the rotting matter. It is really ring around the Rosie. The pocket full of poses is a quote from that that was actually the plague, which was like a different epidemic. But it was the same sort of theory that smelling it is like the smelling, something good smelling. It is toward off diseases which we know now. It is not really true. There's a germs, is how diseases spread. But at the time, there is a pretty I don't know, harsh divide between these, my asthma typists who believed in in this smell theory versus germ theorists. And Florence Nightingale, who is one of the founders of modern nursing, was a nurse educator. She's pretty famous. She was one of the harshest, staunchest believers and the my ass, my theory. And she was known for ridiculing people who believed in germs, so she turned out to be wrong. But at the time she was in the in the majority and the people who thought it was the germs, they were like, ridiculous. So Jon Snow is the main character in this story. He was an anesthesiologist, so he was a doctor at the time. And while cholera has really nothing to do with anesthesia, he was just generally interested in the problem because everybody was interested in this problem because it was killing off their family and friends, right? So it was an urgent need. Um, and as a doctor he was trained toe to think a certain way, and he was curious about about what was causing this. So he decided to sort of do his own research and and see if he could come to the cause of this disease and and he did what he did to collect data, right. Waas go around to different addresses and in the centre of London and keep a tally of how many people died at each of the addresses. And he made a map to show the geographical spread of the disease. And this is the map. It's pretty tiny on the projector screen. You could get a bigger image in your textbook, but I'll try to point out the most sort of important parts. So the black little lines stacked up on top of each other are the number of deaths at each address. So this address had, like, two deaths. This address had no maybe seven or eight deaths. This address had only one death and certain certain streets have no deaths, all right, And you can see there's like a pretty significant geographical cluster right of people dying. This one is particularly crazy. Lots of people died right there. Lots of people were living right there, but he thought there must be some reason, sort of why people right around here are all dying of the disease. But people right around here aren't right, and he didn't think it was the smell because it doesn't smell that different when you walk one block away, right? And another a thing that that made him think it wasn't The smell was like certain addresses, right? Nobody was dying. And right next door, tons. People were dying. And it really doesn't sell that different from, you know, the air you breathe outside your neighbor's house versus outside your own, right. So he didn't think it was the smells. He thought it was something else. The symptoms of cholera were like gastrointestinal vomiting, diarrhea type of stuff. So he thought that had to do more with something you eat or drink than something you smell, right. So his theory was that it was coming through. Ah, food or drink source. And the place that he started was water, cause everybody drinks water, right? And at the time they got their water from water pumps in the middle of the streets. There's ah, they're located there, marked on the map with little circles. They're kind of hard to see. There's one right here. There's one right here. There's one right here. This is Broad Street. Wide Street. There. There's another one. Somewhere over here. The address one, Rupert Street. There's one right there, and he noticed that Wow, A lot of the deaths are are pretty sort of close to this broad street pump. So he had a theory that something about the water at the Broad Street pump was causing the deaths. And that could explain why maybe one house didn't get their water from there and the other house did right. Why neighbors might have different, different death rates. So that was his theory. But despite presenting this map and the location of this pump, he was still sort of pushed to the side as being ridiculous because people believe so strongly in the in the smell theory, the miasma theory that they weren't quite sort of ready to believe that it was because of dirty water. Um, so he had a lot of critics still, and he had toe. He had to answer some questions to get them to believe him. One of the questions he had to answer was like, Well, what about these people? Write. These people live a lot closer to the Rupert Street palm, right? Why are they dying? Right? And they do live closer to the Rupert Street palm. But the Rupert Street pumps. Kind of like at the end of this dead end and, like, the center of town is more over here. So people tended to sort of go to the Broad Street pump on their way to somewhere else or just because everybody else was going there, it was, like, more convenient. So walking distance might have been a little longer. Maybe about the same. But it wasn't like going this awkward way around a dead end just to turn back home and not see anybody on the way. Right? So that was one theory. Another thing. Was there some kind of unusual deaths playing way out far from the broad street pump? All right. These people, like this family, right? Would have definitely is the Rupert Street pump. Then go away over here. Right? So why are there these, like, random individual deaths at these far out places? Do you know this? Yeah. Yeah, you know, there. Oh, yeah. We'll get to that in a minute. Yeah, um but yet it turned out he, like, went around address to address and found out the stories of these people who had died. And these were schoolchildren who went to school over here and got water on their way to her from school. So he had an explanation for for basically everything. There was one really weird a pair of deaths that he had to explain. I think it's off the map. It was like a totally different section of London. But it was an old woman and her niece who both died and they live nowhere near the broad Street pump. Right? So why would they have died if the Broad street pump was the issue? And so he went to investigate the story behind these two people that died, and he found out that, um, the woman was elderly and her sons had moved her outside of the center of the city because they wanted to keep her safe and healthy. Throughout this, this disease outbreak on Denise lived with her. But the sun's still worked in the centre of London, and they would bring her water from the Broad street pump after work because she preferred the taste of it to the local pumps near her new halfs. So that's pretty sad, but it lended more credibility to his story, right? He had an explanation for literally every everything that my asthma tests were were arguing about. He asked Thea the city to take the handle off the pump so that it could no longer be used Thio to get water, and they did that and they still have never replaced it. So now it's like a historic landmark, and there's a Jon Snow pub right next to it now. But Jon Snow's main contribution Thio data science, in a way, or statistics or understanding of causation was that he was not only able to sort of notice this association between proximity to the Broad Street pump and and the cholera deaths, but he was actually able to prove that the broad street pump water caused it. Okay, so this is a map of the London water supply. There were two main cos this one they call S and V. The other one is Lambeth to main companies that provided water service to the different pumps around England. Right. So this region that's green on Lee s and V served and the other region that's brown on Lee Lambeth, sir. But there's this region of overlap sort of in the centre of London, where some pumps were S and V. Some pumps were Lambeth, All right. So in order to establish causation, he wanted to do a comparison between a treatment group that gets that some treatment applies. And a control group is a group that doesn't have the treatment applied. And then the idea is you look for differences in the outcomes of the two groups and you see if there's a substantial difference, and that would help you to conclude whether or not you think the the treatment was a factor. So which houses would you say were part of the treatment group? In other words, what do you think is that treatment? Did I talk about the upstream? No, I didn't talk about this yet. Somebody mentioned this earlier. All give me more context. Thes two different. Um, these two different water cos. Got their water from different places in the river. There was a sewage dump in the middle of the river and one of them, Lambeth, got their water upstream of that sewage dump. So they're sourcing clean water into the middle of the city. And then lamb s and V got pulled their water from downstream, so they got gross water throughout London. Dirty water. So S and V is the dirty water. Lambeth is the clean water, which, which a group of houses is. Thea is the treatment group. All right, I'm gonna close this, so make sure to vote. Yeah, it's the dirty water. So that the treatment, the thing that you're trying to see, whether it causes the effect is the dirty water. Right, So one group is gonna have the dirty water, and one group's not gonna have the dirty water. Right? So the treatment group is the people who were drinking the dirty water, and the control group is the people who were drinking the clean water. And then you look, if there's, ah substantial difference in the two groups, right? So this is snow zone word. He called this his grand experiment very of figuring this out and what he noticed. This is his own quote that there is no difference whatever in the houses or the people receiving the supply of the two water companies or in any of the physical conditions with which they are surrounded. So that means there wasn't any sort of systematic difference in the two groups. The only difference in the two groups was the fact that one had dirty water and one had clean water, right? It wasn't the case that I don't know the treatment group. All happened to be senior citizens, and the control group happened to be all young people, right? Or it wasn't the situation that one group was all factory workers and the other group was all business people, right? So the two groups were the same in every regard, except for the one right. So now you just look at the outcome. If the outcome is different, then what's the cause? Right? The cause is the only thing that's different between the two groups, right? It couldn't be because of other factors. So I won't ask this as a clicker question. But the Dirty Water group and the Clean Water group. And this is the rest of London, right? How many houses? How many deaths? And this is really the most important call, right? There's different numbers of houses here in different numbers of deaths, but it's comparable to compare the rate of death in 10,000 houses, right? 315 deaths in the dirty water recipients, and only 37 deaths in the clean water recipients. So this table alone tells you that there's an association between the water that they drank and the the caller deaths. But this table couples with the fact that you know that the two groups are the same in every respect besides what water they were drinking that tells you that it was causal so that the dirty water actually caused the cholera. Does that make sense? Okay, so the key, the main takeaway is that in order to conclude cause ality that one treatment causes some outcome. You need the treatment and control groups to be similar in every respect besides the one, the one treatment that's applied to one of the groups and not the other. If you don't have that right, then there could be some what's called a confounding effect. All right, So if the treatment and control groups have systematic differences besides the treatment itself, then you might not know whether the observed effect was caused by the treatment itself or by some other factor. Right. So an example is like coffee drinkers used to have a higher rate of long cancer, right? But that wasn't because coffee drinking cause lung cancer. It was because coffee drinkers were also more likely to smoke. And smoking causes lung cancer. So the confounding effect in this case is the the amount that they smoked. So confounding the word means confusing. So in this case, you can't conclude causation because the two groups the ones that drank coffee and the ones that didn't drink coffee, right, had a difference. There difference was the amount that they smoked, right? And that was the thing that caused the difference. Okay, we'll stop there and I'll see you guys on Tuesday. You're in my class. Last time you had surgery. A lot better. Are you involved? Way This'll has been a UC San Diego podcast for more visit podcast at UCSD got CTU."}],"items":[{"start_time":"0.14","end_time":"0.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7802","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"0.2","end_time":"2.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5372","content":"owe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2.72","end_time":"3.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4742","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.19","end_time":"3.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3352","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.34","end_time":"3.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5934","content":"listening"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.7","end_time":"3.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.99","end_time":"4.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.2","end_time":"4.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.803","content":"UC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.69","end_time":"4.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.93","end_time":"5.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"5.28","end_time":"6.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"7.14","end_time":"7.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9555","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"7.36","end_time":"7.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9555","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"7.64","end_time":"8.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Welcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"8.01","end_time":"8.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"8.56","end_time":"8.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"8.75","end_time":"8.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"8.9","end_time":"9.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8093","content":"DC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"9.37","end_time":"9.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"9.68","end_time":"9.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"9.74","end_time":"9.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"9.95","end_time":"10.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"10.04","end_time":"10.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"10.13","end_time":"10.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"10.2","end_time":"10.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"10.39","end_time":"10.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"10.82","end_time":"10.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"10.95","end_time":"11.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"11.07","end_time":"11.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"11.19","end_time":"11.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"11.35","end_time":"11.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"11.42","end_time":"11.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"11.98","end_time":"12.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"welcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"12.31","end_time":"12.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"12.46","end_time":"12.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"12.58","end_time":"13.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"13.14","end_time":"13.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Happy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"13.45","end_time":"13.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"13.76","end_time":"13.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"13.85","end_time":"13.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"13.95","end_time":"14.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"15.07","end_time":"15.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8588","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"15.57","end_time":"16.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6476","content":"DSC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"16.0","end_time":"16.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"16.24","end_time":"16.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8453","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"16.37","end_time":"16.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"16.45","end_time":"16.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"16.9","end_time":"17.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"17.7","end_time":"17.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"17.96","end_time":"18.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"developed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"18.46","end_time":"18.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"18.6","end_time":"18.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"18.69","end_time":"19.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"faculty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.16","end_time":"19.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.3","end_time":"19.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5924","content":"UC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.61","end_time":"20.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9414","content":"Berkeley"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"20.56","end_time":"20.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"20.9","end_time":"21.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.06","end_time":"21.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.33","end_time":"21.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.7","end_time":"22.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9592","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"22.43","end_time":"22.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"22.82","end_time":"23.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"23.1","end_time":"23.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"23.25","end_time":"23.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"23.41","end_time":"23.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"23.62","end_time":"23.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"23.95","end_time":"24.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"24.11","end_time":"24.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"24.27","end_time":"24.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"24.35","end_time":"24.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"several"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"24.66","end_time":"24.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"schools"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"24.97","end_time":"25.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"25.09","end_time":"25.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"25.31","end_time":"25.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"25.41","end_time":"25.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"25.67","end_time":"25.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"25.82","end_time":"26.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"model"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"26.26","end_time":"26.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"26.37","end_time":"26.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"adapted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"26.85","end_time":"27.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6529","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"27.38","end_time":"27.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8828","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"27.54","end_time":"27.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"27.95","end_time":"28.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scenarios"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"29.0","end_time":"29.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.98","end_time":"30.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"30.34","end_time":"30.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"30.42","end_time":"30.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"30.5","end_time":"30.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"credit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"30.8","end_time":"31.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"31.01","end_time":"31.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"31.11","end_time":"31.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8678","content":"Berkeley"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"31.49","end_time":"31.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"31.65","end_time":"31.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"31.84","end_time":"32.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.04","end_time":"32.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.34","end_time":"32.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.52","end_time":"32.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"amount"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.86","end_time":"32.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.95","end_time":"33.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"modifying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.7","end_time":"33.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.86","end_time":"34.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"since"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.21","end_time":"34.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"35.34","end_time":"35.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6372","content":"Berkeley"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.82","end_time":"35.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.98","end_time":"36.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"36.05","end_time":"36.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"15"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"36.52","end_time":"36.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9693","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"36.99","end_time":"37.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"37.71","end_time":"38.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.06","end_time":"38.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.22","end_time":"38.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.41","end_time":"38.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.61","end_time":"38.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.73","end_time":"38.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.93","end_time":"39.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"39.01","end_time":"39.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"39.21","end_time":"39.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"select"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.76","end_time":"40.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.16","end_time":"40.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subset"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.69","end_time":"40.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.78","end_time":"41.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.12","end_time":"41.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.33","end_time":"41.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.66","end_time":"42.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"42.17","end_time":"42.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9765","content":"inappropriate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"42.94","end_time":"43.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9735","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.21","end_time":"43.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.42","end_time":"43.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"44.54","end_time":"44.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9077","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"44.87","end_time":"45.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.0","end_time":"45.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8587","content":"name's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.33","end_time":"45.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7414","content":"Janine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"45.74","end_time":"45.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7625","content":"Chief"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.99","end_time":"46.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9454","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.09","end_time":"46.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6228","content":"Brooke"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"46.31","end_time":"46.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.42","end_time":"46.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.54","end_time":"46.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.77","end_time":"46.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.92","end_time":"47.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8034","content":"Ginny"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"47.25","end_time":"47.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.38","end_time":"47.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.63","end_time":"48.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"48.61","end_time":"49.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9476","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"49.21","end_time":"49.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"49.44","end_time":"49.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8781","content":"path"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.12","end_time":"50.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.28","end_time":"50.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.56","end_time":"50.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.87","end_time":"51.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.2","end_time":"51.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.34","end_time":"51.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"undergrad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"51.93","end_time":"52.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.04","end_time":"52.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"studied"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.45","end_time":"52.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.73","end_time":"52.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.83","end_time":"53.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.24","end_time":"53.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"53.74","end_time":"53.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.97","end_time":"54.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9147","content":"loyal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"54.32","end_time":"54.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"college"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"54.73","end_time":"54.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"54.84","end_time":"55.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Maryland"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"55.83","end_time":"56.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"56.37","end_time":"56.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"56.57","end_time":"57.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.09","end_time":"57.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.62","end_time":"57.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.8","end_time":"58.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.03","end_time":"58.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.13","end_time":"58.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.44","end_time":"58.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.79","end_time":"58.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8364","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.89","end_time":"59.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.16","end_time":"59.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.39","end_time":"59.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.56","end_time":"59.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.67","end_time":"60.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7851","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"60.38","end_time":"60.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.56","end_time":"60.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.74","end_time":"60.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.91","end_time":"61.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.1","end_time":"61.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.31","end_time":"61.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9291","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.39","end_time":"61.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9291","content":"while"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.73","end_time":"62.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.54","end_time":"62.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.77","end_time":"63.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"63.19","end_time":"63.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"63.34","end_time":"63.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"63.48","end_time":"63.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"63.76","end_time":"64.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"64.15","end_time":"64.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mostly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.46","end_time":"64.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.55","end_time":"64.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teaching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.99","end_time":"65.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.1","end_time":"65.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.2","end_time":"65.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.32","end_time":"65.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.42","end_time":"65.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.63","end_time":"65.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"65.85","end_time":"65.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.96","end_time":"66.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9721","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.03","end_time":"66.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.17","end_time":"66.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.21","end_time":"66.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.37","end_time":"66.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.44","end_time":"66.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teaching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.73","end_time":"66.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.82","end_time":"66.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.89","end_time":"67.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"67.12","end_time":"67.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"department"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"68.08","end_time":"68.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.26","end_time":"68.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.32","end_time":"68.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"graduated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"68.9","end_time":"68.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.94","end_time":"69.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.12","end_time":"69.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.17","end_time":"69.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teaching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.49","end_time":"69.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"job"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.8","end_time":"69.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.93","end_time":"70.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.1","end_time":"70.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.47","end_time":"70.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.79","end_time":"71.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"department"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"71.75","end_time":"71.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"71.98","end_time":"72.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.5","end_time":"72.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.61","end_time":"72.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.96","end_time":"73.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.23","end_time":"73.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"department"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.65","end_time":"73.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.78","end_time":"73.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.99","end_time":"74.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"74.64","end_time":"75.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"75.12","end_time":"75.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"initial"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"75.53","end_time":"75.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"host"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"75.9","end_time":"76.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"76.02","end_time":"76.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"76.34","end_time":"76.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"76.5","end_time":"76.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"76.76","end_time":"77.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9336","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.1","end_time":"77.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"77.48","end_time":"77.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.63","end_time":"77.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.85","end_time":"77.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.95","end_time":"78.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6157","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.03","end_time":"78.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.22","end_time":"78.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"involved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.56","end_time":"78.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.64","end_time":"78.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.71","end_time":"78.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.85","end_time":"79.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.08","end_time":"79.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.42","end_time":"79.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"80.26","end_time":"80.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.67","end_time":"80.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.82","end_time":"81.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"81.05","end_time":"81.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"81.14","end_time":"81.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"81.45","end_time":"81.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"81.63","end_time":"82.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8559","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.03","end_time":"82.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"year"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.2","end_time":"82.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teaching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.77","end_time":"83.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"83.01","end_time":"83.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"83.35","end_time":"83.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"84.12","end_time":"84.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"84.57","end_time":"84.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"84.84","end_time":"85.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"taught"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.29","end_time":"85.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.55","end_time":"85.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.89","end_time":"86.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.0","end_time":"86.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.21","end_time":"86.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.5","end_time":"86.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.66","end_time":"86.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.73","end_time":"86.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.85","end_time":"87.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"offered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.19","end_time":"87.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.3","end_time":"87.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"87.84","end_time":"87.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.94","end_time":"88.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.07","end_time":"88.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.13","end_time":"88.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.25","end_time":"88.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fourth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.59","end_time":"88.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.8","end_time":"89.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.05","end_time":"89.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"89.16","end_time":"89.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.66","end_time":"89.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.81","end_time":"90.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.06","end_time":"90.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9271","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.29","end_time":"90.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.49","end_time":"90.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.8","end_time":"91.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.57","end_time":"91.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.68","end_time":"91.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.86","end_time":"92.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"92.03","end_time":"92.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"92.16","end_time":"93.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"combines"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.12","end_time":"93.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.29","end_time":"93.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.58","end_time":"93.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.73","end_time":"93.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.95","end_time":"94.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"studied"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.56","end_time":"94.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.72","end_time":"94.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.96","end_time":"95.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"theoretical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.51","end_time":"95.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9741","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"96.24","end_time":"96.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.57","end_time":"96.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.66","end_time":"97.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.02","end_time":"97.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"97.44","end_time":"97.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.77","end_time":"97.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.83","end_time":"98.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8176","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"98.04","end_time":"98.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.537","content":"date"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"98.24","end_time":"98.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5352","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"98.29","end_time":"98.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9576","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"98.67","end_time":"98.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"98.73","end_time":"98.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"98.88","end_time":"99.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6357","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"99.32","end_time":"99.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mostly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"100.27","end_time":"100.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"100.56","end_time":"101.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"proofs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.17","end_time":"101.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"101.79","end_time":"102.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7717","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"102.31","end_time":"103.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.23","end_time":"103.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.78","end_time":"104.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.07","end_time":"104.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.21","end_time":"104.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.54","end_time":"105.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"applications"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"105.71","end_time":"106.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"106.16","end_time":"106.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"106.26","end_time":"106.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"found"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"106.56","end_time":"106.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"106.64","end_time":"106.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"106.87","end_time":"107.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enlightening"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.29","end_time":"107.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.4","end_time":"107.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.55","end_time":"107.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.69","end_time":"107.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.77","end_time":"108.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.05","end_time":"108.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"applications"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.66","end_time":"108.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.77","end_time":"108.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.96","end_time":"109.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.27","end_time":"109.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.55","end_time":"109.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.7","end_time":"109.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.76","end_time":"109.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.93","end_time":"110.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"studied"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.31","end_time":"110.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.47","end_time":"110.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"years"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.72","end_time":"111.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"112.09","end_time":"112.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.31","end_time":"112.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.53","end_time":"112.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.79","end_time":"112.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.87","end_time":"113.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.13","end_time":"113.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8093","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.27","end_time":"113.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"listed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"113.64","end_time":"113.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.523","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"113.83","end_time":"114.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.07","end_time":"114.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.2","end_time":"114.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.3","end_time":"114.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.49","end_time":"114.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.65","end_time":"114.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.75","end_time":"114.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.99","end_time":"115.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"115.99","end_time":"116.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"116.22","end_time":"116.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"116.47","end_time":"116.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"116.56","end_time":"116.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"116.69","end_time":"116.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"116.86","end_time":"117.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"117.64","end_time":"117.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"117.96","end_time":"118.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.2","end_time":"118.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.58","end_time":"119.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.99","end_time":"120.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"120.37","end_time":"120.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8604","content":"they'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"120.69","end_time":"120.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"120.86","end_time":"121.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.47","end_time":"121.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.7","end_time":"122.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"122.16","end_time":"122.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"122.44","end_time":"123.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"123.62","end_time":"123.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.86","end_time":"124.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"124.18","end_time":"124.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"124.86","end_time":"125.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7675","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.35","end_time":"125.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5222","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.43","end_time":"126.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7857","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.25","end_time":"126.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.59","end_time":"126.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.73","end_time":"126.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.82","end_time":"127.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"128.43","end_time":"128.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"128.79","end_time":"129.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.34","end_time":"129.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.64","end_time":"129.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"130.43","end_time":"131.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"elsewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"132.05","end_time":"132.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"132.56","end_time":"132.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"132.77","end_time":"132.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"132.87","end_time":"133.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.51","end_time":"133.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7905","content":"DSC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.94","end_time":"134.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4599","content":"tenn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"134.24","end_time":"134.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"134.5","end_time":"135.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"com"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"136.04","end_time":"137.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"138.33","end_time":"138.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"138.59","end_time":"138.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"138.67","end_time":"139.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"140.69","end_time":"140.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"140.83","end_time":"141.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"syllabus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.5","end_time":"141.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.68","end_time":"142.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"listed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"142.14","end_time":"142.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"142.24","end_time":"142.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8947","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"142.45","end_time":"142.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"142.72","end_time":"142.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"142.86","end_time":"143.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.17","end_time":"143.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.28","end_time":"143.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"high"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.48","end_time":"143.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"points"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.77","end_time":"143.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.86","end_time":"143.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.94","end_time":"144.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"syllabus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"144.37","end_time":"144.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"145.0","end_time":"145.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"145.28","end_time":"145.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"145.54","end_time":"145.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"145.78","end_time":"145.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"145.95","end_time":"146.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"fully"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.28","end_time":"146.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6956","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.63","end_time":"146.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.93","end_time":"147.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"responsible"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"147.38","end_time":"147.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"147.5","end_time":"147.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knowing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"147.86","end_time":"148.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"148.34","end_time":"148.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"148.58","end_time":"149.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"included"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"149.05","end_time":"149.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"150.05","end_time":"150.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8047","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"150.38","end_time":"151.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.44","end_time":"152.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.66","end_time":"152.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.76","end_time":"152.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.83","end_time":"153.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.0","end_time":"153.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.12","end_time":"153.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.42","end_time":"153.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.5","end_time":"154.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"154.72","end_time":"154.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.87","end_time":"155.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.1","end_time":"155.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.34","end_time":"155.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.5","end_time":"155.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.55","end_time":"155.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.73","end_time":"155.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.89","end_time":"156.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"156.46","end_time":"156.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9537","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"156.75","end_time":"156.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"156.95","end_time":"157.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6146","content":"prerequisite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"157.64","end_time":"157.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.85","end_time":"158.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.34","end_time":"158.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8727","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.5","end_time":"158.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.71","end_time":"159.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"159.09","end_time":"159.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.43","end_time":"159.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.47","end_time":"159.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.65","end_time":"159.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.74","end_time":"159.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.91","end_time":"159.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.97","end_time":"160.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6791","content":"wide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"160.31","end_time":"160.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"160.58","end_time":"160.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"160.7","end_time":"161.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"backgrounds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"161.21","end_time":"161.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"161.34","end_time":"162.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"162.63","end_time":"162.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"162.94","end_time":"163.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"163.18","end_time":"163.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"163.72","end_time":"163.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"163.96","end_time":"164.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"164.05","end_time":"164.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"164.4","end_time":"164.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"meetings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"164.86","end_time":"165.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"165.09","end_time":"165.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"165.57","end_time":"165.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"165.63","end_time":"165.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"165.9","end_time":"166.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.09","end_time":"166.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.47","end_time":"166.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.61","end_time":"166.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.71","end_time":"166.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9444","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.76","end_time":"167.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"167.03","end_time":"167.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"immediately"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"167.49","end_time":"167.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"167.91","end_time":"168.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"168.69","end_time":"169.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"169.03","end_time":"169.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"169.38","end_time":"169.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"169.77","end_time":"169.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"169.97","end_time":"170.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.13","end_time":"170.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.2","end_time":"170.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.35","end_time":"170.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.43","end_time":"170.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.59","end_time":"170.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.8","end_time":"171.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"171.57","end_time":"172.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"172.38","end_time":"172.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"172.51","end_time":"172.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"172.85","end_time":"173.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.04","end_time":"173.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"173.38","end_time":"173.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.52","end_time":"173.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.86","end_time":"173.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.98","end_time":"174.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.12","end_time":"174.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.24","end_time":"174.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.54","end_time":"175.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"175.29","end_time":"175.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.46","end_time":"175.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.64","end_time":"175.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.82","end_time":"175.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8331","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"175.88","end_time":"176.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.02","end_time":"176.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.18","end_time":"176.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.37","end_time":"176.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.54","end_time":"176.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.59","end_time":"176.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.73","end_time":"176.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.8","end_time":"177.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"177.03","end_time":"177.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"177.99","end_time":"178.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"178.28","end_time":"178.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"178.45","end_time":"178.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"178.56","end_time":"179.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quarter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.03","end_time":"179.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.26","end_time":"179.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"179.56","end_time":"179.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.06","end_time":"180.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.59","end_time":"180.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7982","content":"may"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.89","end_time":"181.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9716","content":"dwindle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"181.38","end_time":"181.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9019","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"182.02","end_time":"182.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"182.42","end_time":"182.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"182.61","end_time":"182.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"182.85","end_time":"183.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.15","end_time":"183.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.24","end_time":"183.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9793","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.31","end_time":"183.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.52","end_time":"183.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"room"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.77","end_time":"183.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"183.89","end_time":"184.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"welcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"184.6","end_time":"184.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"184.77","end_time":"185.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"welcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"185.1","end_time":"185.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"185.22","end_time":"185.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"switch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"185.71","end_time":"185.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"185.87","end_time":"186.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"otherwise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.24","end_time":"186.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.51","end_time":"186.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.63","end_time":"186.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.72","end_time":"186.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"186.89","end_time":"187.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"187.02","end_time":"187.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"involved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"187.41","end_time":"187.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"187.84","end_time":"188.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"188.1","end_time":"188.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"188.36","end_time":"189.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"participation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.12","end_time":"189.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.25","end_time":"189.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.47","end_time":"189.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"carry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"189.8","end_time":"190.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"191.04","end_time":"191.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5402","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"191.56","end_time":"191.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9517","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"191.81","end_time":"192.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"192.31","end_time":"192.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"192.64","end_time":"192.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"192.81","end_time":"193.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"Wednesday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.29","end_time":"193.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.48","end_time":"193.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8393","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.63","end_time":"193.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7809","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.73","end_time":"193.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"meet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.92","end_time":"194.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.02","end_time":"194.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.1","end_time":"194.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.39","end_time":"194.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.59","end_time":"194.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.9","end_time":"195.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"195.34","end_time":"195.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"195.61","end_time":"195.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hosted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"195.93","end_time":"196.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"196.07","end_time":"196.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8945","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"196.21","end_time":"196.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7324","content":"Ta"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"196.71","end_time":"197.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7344","content":"who's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"198.04","end_time":"198.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"198.34","end_time":"198.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"198.57","end_time":"198.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"He's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"198.91","end_time":"199.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3863","content":"teed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.23","end_time":"199.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.38","end_time":"199.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.65","end_time":"200.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.1","end_time":"200.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.25","end_time":"200.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.35","end_time":"200.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.54","end_time":"201.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8376","content":"undergrad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.26","end_time":"201.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9536","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.47","end_time":"201.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9325","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.8","end_time":"202.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"202.13","end_time":"202.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.32","end_time":"202.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.42","end_time":"202.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.59","end_time":"202.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.77","end_time":"202.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.85","end_time":"202.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.93","end_time":"203.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unique"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.32","end_time":"203.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"perspective"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.86","end_time":"203.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.98","end_time":"204.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7291","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.15","end_time":"204.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6842","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.22","end_time":"204.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"205.38","end_time":"205.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"205.87","end_time":"206.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.13","end_time":"206.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"policy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.63","end_time":"207.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"207.59","end_time":"208.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"attending"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.45","end_time":"208.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.814","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.51","end_time":"208.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8407","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.84","end_time":"209.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"209.49","end_time":"210.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"211.34","end_time":"211.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"211.55","end_time":"211.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"211.81","end_time":"211.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"211.98","end_time":"212.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"212.19","end_time":"212.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"212.36","end_time":"212.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Thursday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"212.84","end_time":"213.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"nights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"213.24","end_time":"213.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"213.45","end_time":"213.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"213.77","end_time":"214.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8093","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"214.2","end_time":"214.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6832","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"214.3","end_time":"214.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"214.7","end_time":"215.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9219","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"215.02","end_time":"215.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9174","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"215.65","end_time":"215.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"215.94","end_time":"216.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"217.17","end_time":"217.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8301","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"217.41","end_time":"217.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9504","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"217.89","end_time":"218.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.0","end_time":"218.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.07","end_time":"218.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.3","end_time":"218.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.58","end_time":"218.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.85","end_time":"218.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.98","end_time":"219.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"219.15","end_time":"219.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"219.89","end_time":"220.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"220.44","end_time":"220.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"220.63","end_time":"221.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7687","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.02","end_time":"221.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.22","end_time":"221.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.31","end_time":"221.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dedicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.85","end_time":"222.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"sessions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.32","end_time":"222.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.42","end_time":"222.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"brush"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.68","end_time":"222.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.84","end_time":"223.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"223.24","end_time":"223.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"223.46","end_time":"224.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9619","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"224.82","end_time":"225.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.13","end_time":"225.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.703","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.34","end_time":"225.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"policy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.7","end_time":"225.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.94","end_time":"226.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"attending"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"226.32","end_time":"226.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"226.61","end_time":"227.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"227.04","end_time":"227.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"227.26","end_time":"227.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"227.47","end_time":"227.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9436","content":"midterm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"227.91","end_time":"228.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8245","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"228.05","end_time":"228.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"228.25","end_time":"228.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"final"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"230.11","end_time":"230.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"230.84","end_time":"231.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.12","end_time":"231.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.21","end_time":"231.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.42","end_time":"231.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instructor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.97","end_time":"232.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.1","end_time":"232.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.27","end_time":"232.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"232.75","end_time":"233.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"233.0","end_time":"233.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"233.19","end_time":"233.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8728","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"233.39","end_time":"233.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teaching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"233.72","end_time":"234.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assistant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.16","end_time":"234.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.24","end_time":"234.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.34","end_time":"234.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.47","end_time":"234.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.56","end_time":"235.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"235.05","end_time":"235.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8213","content":"sections"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"235.49","end_time":"236.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9748","content":"Kyle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"236.37","end_time":"236.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"236.6","end_time":"236.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"236.75","end_time":"236.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"236.85","end_time":"237.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.07","end_time":"237.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.15","end_time":"237.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.8","end_time":"238.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"238.34","end_time":"238.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"238.53","end_time":"239.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"239.42","end_time":"239.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"239.62","end_time":"240.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9674","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"240.08","end_time":"240.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8932","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"240.31","end_time":"240.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7122","content":"undergrad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"240.78","end_time":"241.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"241.19","end_time":"241.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4919","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"241.26","end_time":"241.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4967","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"241.37","end_time":"241.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"taken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"241.72","end_time":"241.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"241.9","end_time":"242.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"242.34","end_time":"242.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"242.48","end_time":"242.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"242.67","end_time":"242.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"242.91","end_time":"243.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"243.17","end_time":"243.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"243.26","end_time":"243.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"243.72","end_time":"243.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"243.97","end_time":"244.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"244.21","end_time":"244.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5604","content":"wanna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"244.49","end_time":"244.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"245.33","end_time":"245.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"245.72","end_time":"245.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"245.8","end_time":"246.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8728","content":"favor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"246.16","end_time":"246.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"246.31","end_time":"246.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"246.57","end_time":"246.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8305","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"246.91","end_time":"247.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.03","end_time":"247.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8688","content":"helped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.28","end_time":"247.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.94","end_time":"248.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"248.5","end_time":"248.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"248.88","end_time":"249.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.01","end_time":"249.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.36","end_time":"249.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"As"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.56","end_time":"249.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.96","end_time":"250.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8333","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.19","end_time":"250.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.34","end_time":"250.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"material"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.01","end_time":"251.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.24","end_time":"251.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"they'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.44","end_time":"251.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hold"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.67","end_time":"252.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"252.0","end_time":"252.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"253.03","end_time":"253.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"They'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.39","end_time":"253.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.68","end_time":"254.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"254.01","end_time":"254.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"254.23","end_time":"254.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"254.29","end_time":"254.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"behind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"254.59","end_time":"254.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"254.67","end_time":"255.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scenes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"255.04","end_time":"255.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.2","end_time":"255.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.3","end_time":"255.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.83","end_time":"256.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ready"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.18","end_time":"256.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9439","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.3","end_time":"256.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.48","end_time":"256.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sorts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.74","end_time":"256.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.83","end_time":"257.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"257.39","end_time":"257.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"257.57","end_time":"257.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"257.67","end_time":"257.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5973","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"257.98","end_time":"258.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8164","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.11","end_time":"258.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.33","end_time":"258.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.51","end_time":"259.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"resource"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"259.31","end_time":"259.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.48","end_time":"259.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"hope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.82","end_time":"260.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.0","end_time":"260.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.09","end_time":"260.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.25","end_time":"260.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comfortable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.71","end_time":"261.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.32","end_time":"261.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.69","end_time":"261.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.98","end_time":"262.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9518","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.11","end_time":"262.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teaching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.41","end_time":"263.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assistant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.56","end_time":"263.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.86","end_time":"264.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.24","end_time":"264.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.34","end_time":"264.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"264.7","end_time":"265.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.15","end_time":"265.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.34","end_time":"265.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.77","end_time":"265.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.98","end_time":"266.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"266.08","end_time":"266.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"266.31","end_time":"266.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"266.41","end_time":"267.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9553","content":"appear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"267.64","end_time":"267.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"267.85","end_time":"268.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.1","end_time":"268.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.26","end_time":"268.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.43","end_time":"268.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.71","end_time":"268.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"268.79","end_time":"269.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.0","end_time":"269.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"material"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.57","end_time":"269.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.82","end_time":"270.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.07","end_time":"270.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ago"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"270.64","end_time":"271.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"271.02","end_time":"271.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"271.28","end_time":"271.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"free"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"271.49","end_time":"271.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"272.14","end_time":"272.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"272.35","end_time":"272.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"272.77","end_time":"273.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.15","end_time":"273.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.44","end_time":"273.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.6","end_time":"273.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.69","end_time":"274.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"resource"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"275.24","end_time":"275.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.52","end_time":"275.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6806","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.64","end_time":"275.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6806","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.7","end_time":"275.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.88","end_time":"275.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5681","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"275.96","end_time":"276.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"piazza"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"276.64","end_time":"276.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"276.81","end_time":"276.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"276.98","end_time":"277.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"278.2","end_time":"278.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"278.36","end_time":"278.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"279.22","end_time":"279.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"familiar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"279.55","end_time":"279.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"279.69","end_time":"280.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Piazza"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"281.51","end_time":"281.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7985","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"281.8","end_time":"281.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"281.9","end_time":"282.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"282.01","end_time":"282.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"282.24","end_time":"282.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"familiar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"282.61","end_time":"282.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"282.77","end_time":"283.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Piazza"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"283.52","end_time":"283.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9144","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"283.72","end_time":"283.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"283.83","end_time":"284.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"284.43","end_time":"284.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"284.96","end_time":"285.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"forum"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"285.7","end_time":"285.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.98","end_time":"286.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"286.47","end_time":"286.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.88","end_time":"287.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"direct"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"287.32","end_time":"287.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"287.44","end_time":"287.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"287.52","end_time":"288.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"communication"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"288.22","end_time":"288.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9487","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"288.56","end_time":"288.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"288.74","end_time":"289.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"289.43","end_time":"289.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"289.59","end_time":"290.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"290.02","end_time":"290.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"290.39","end_time":"290.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"290.68","end_time":"290.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"290.79","end_time":"291.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.01","end_time":"291.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.37","end_time":"291.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.5","end_time":"291.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.67","end_time":"291.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.84","end_time":"291.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.92","end_time":"292.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9552","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.24","end_time":"292.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"related"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.6","end_time":"292.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.91","end_time":"293.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"293.23","end_time":"293.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.38","end_time":"293.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.46","end_time":"293.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.7","end_time":"293.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.84","end_time":"294.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.05","end_time":"294.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.15","end_time":"294.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.34","end_time":"294.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.61","end_time":"294.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.7","end_time":"294.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.83","end_time":"294.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.94","end_time":"295.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.02","end_time":"295.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9533","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.32","end_time":"295.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"related"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.66","end_time":"295.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.91","end_time":"296.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9519","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"297.13","end_time":"297.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9557","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"297.56","end_time":"297.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6115","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"297.77","end_time":"298.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.04","end_time":"298.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.26","end_time":"298.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.32","end_time":"298.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.47","end_time":"298.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.56","end_time":"298.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.9","end_time":"299.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.02","end_time":"299.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9705","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.1","end_time":"299.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"calendar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"300.05","end_time":"300.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5513","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.19","end_time":"300.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.63","end_time":"301.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"301.04","end_time":"301.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"301.28","end_time":"301.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"301.59","end_time":"301.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7172","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"301.72","end_time":"301.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"301.86","end_time":"302.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"302.02","end_time":"302.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"soon"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"303.52","end_time":"303.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8067","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"304.1","end_time":"304.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"304.64","end_time":"304.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"304.81","end_time":"305.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.03","end_time":"305.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.19","end_time":"305.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.26","end_time":"305.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.51","end_time":"305.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.63","end_time":"306.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"306.72","end_time":"307.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9774","content":"assessments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"308.24","end_time":"308.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9497","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"308.51","end_time":"308.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"308.58","end_time":"308.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"small"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"308.95","end_time":"309.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"amount"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.22","end_time":"309.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.39","end_time":"310.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"participation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"310.84","end_time":"311.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.04","end_time":"311.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.18","end_time":"311.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8204","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.34","end_time":"311.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.42","end_time":"311.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.67","end_time":"311.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"311.94","end_time":"312.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clickers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"312.69","end_time":"313.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"313.46","end_time":"313.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hopefully"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"313.96","end_time":"314.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.07","end_time":"314.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.28","end_time":"314.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.46","end_time":"314.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.57","end_time":"314.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.74","end_time":"314.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5371","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"314.94","end_time":"315.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.32","end_time":"315.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.36","end_time":"315.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.79","end_time":"315.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"315.92","end_time":"316.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"316.09","end_time":"316.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"317.12","end_time":"317.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.33","end_time":"317.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4602","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.44","end_time":"317.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.61","end_time":"317.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.73","end_time":"317.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.83","end_time":"317.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.92","end_time":"318.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7981","content":"bookstore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"319.3","end_time":"319.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"319.45","end_time":"319.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"319.53","end_time":"319.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"319.73","end_time":"319.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"319.93","end_time":"320.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"320.4","end_time":"320.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"320.65","end_time":"320.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"320.93","end_time":"321.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"321.26","end_time":"321.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"participation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"321.98","end_time":"322.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"322.11","end_time":"322.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"322.19","end_time":"322.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"322.53","end_time":"322.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"322.79","end_time":"322.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5546","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"322.88","end_time":"323.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"323.0","end_time":"323.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"323.19","end_time":"323.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"323.29","end_time":"323.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weekend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"323.66","end_time":"323.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6781","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"323.98","end_time":"324.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"collect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"324.36","end_time":"324.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"324.48","end_time":"324.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"324.79","end_time":"324.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"324.91","end_time":"324.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"324.97","end_time":"325.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"325.12","end_time":"325.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"325.29","end_time":"325.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"325.94","end_time":"326.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4691","content":"there'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"326.17","end_time":"326.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"326.77","end_time":"327.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"327.22","end_time":"327.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"327.84","end_time":"328.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.29","end_time":"328.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"weeks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"328.85","end_time":"329.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.14","end_time":"329.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.21","end_time":"329.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7953","content":"weeks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.43","end_time":"329.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9637","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.5","end_time":"329.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9669","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.67","end_time":"329.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"329.8","end_time":"330.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.09","end_time":"330.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"330.54","end_time":"330.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8474","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.63","end_time":"330.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9515","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.72","end_time":"330.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.84","end_time":"330.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"330.92","end_time":"331.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"project"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"331.95","end_time":"332.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"332.16","end_time":"332.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"332.42","end_time":"332.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"332.9","end_time":"333.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.22","end_time":"333.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.66","end_time":"333.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5435","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.77","end_time":"333.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7275","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"333.96","end_time":"334.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"projects"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"335.22","end_time":"335.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9119","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"335.46","end_time":"335.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8799","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"335.56","end_time":"335.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9373","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"335.72","end_time":"336.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"336.18","end_time":"336.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"336.96","end_time":"337.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"337.35","end_time":"337.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"weeks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"338.44","end_time":"338.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"338.66","end_time":"338.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"338.81","end_time":"338.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"338.87","end_time":"339.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"midterm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"339.24","end_time":"339.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8804","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"339.31","end_time":"339.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8105","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"339.37","end_time":"339.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"final"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"340.92","end_time":"341.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"341.82","end_time":"341.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"341.99","end_time":"342.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"342.16","end_time":"342.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"342.38","end_time":"342.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"342.55","end_time":"342.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"342.65","end_time":"343.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"details"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"343.24","end_time":"343.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"344.34","end_time":"344.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"344.65","end_time":"344.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"344.88","end_time":"345.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"345.58","end_time":"345.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"345.83","end_time":"346.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"346.03","end_time":"346.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"346.5","end_time":"346.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"346.75","end_time":"347.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"347.19","end_time":"348.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"policies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"348.04","end_time":"348.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"348.16","end_time":"348.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"deadlines"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"348.68","end_time":"348.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"348.78","end_time":"348.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"348.91","end_time":"349.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"349.02","end_time":"349.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"349.42","end_time":"349.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9549","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"350.24","end_time":"350.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"350.42","end_time":"350.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"idea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"350.81","end_time":"351.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"351.01","end_time":"351.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"351.2","end_time":"351.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"351.31","end_time":"351.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"351.64","end_time":"352.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.37","end_time":"352.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6607","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"352.92","end_time":"353.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8769","content":"weekly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"353.54","end_time":"353.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9521","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"353.69","end_time":"353.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"353.84","end_time":"353.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"353.93","end_time":"354.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9653","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"354.21","end_time":"354.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8479","content":"Fridays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"355.32","end_time":"355.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.6","end_time":"355.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"355.94","end_time":"356.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"356.36","end_time":"356.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"356.82","end_time":"356.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6969","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"356.96","end_time":"357.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7847","content":"weekly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"357.31","end_time":"357.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"357.44","end_time":"357.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"357.57","end_time":"357.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8669","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"357.74","end_time":"357.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"357.85","end_time":"358.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"358.12","end_time":"358.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"358.2","end_time":"358.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"following"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"358.65","end_time":"359.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Monday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"359.43","end_time":"359.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"359.63","end_time":"359.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"359.75","end_time":"360.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"360.08","end_time":"360.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"360.23","end_time":"360.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"designed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"360.61","end_time":"360.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"360.7","end_time":"361.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prepare"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.27","end_time":"361.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.39","end_time":"361.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.48","end_time":"361.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.65","end_time":"361.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"361.74","end_time":"362.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"362.54","end_time":"362.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"362.76","end_time":"362.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"362.88","end_time":"363.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"363.16","end_time":"363.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"363.28","end_time":"363.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"363.45","end_time":"364.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"364.25","end_time":"364.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"364.46","end_time":"364.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"365.22","end_time":"365.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"365.51","end_time":"365.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"366.54","end_time":"366.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"366.86","end_time":"366.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"366.98","end_time":"367.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"367.06","end_time":"367.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"367.69","end_time":"367.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9263","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"367.78","end_time":"367.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"367.92","end_time":"368.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.2","end_time":"368.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.28","end_time":"368.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.37","end_time":"368.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.55","end_time":"368.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"368.88","end_time":"369.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yourself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"369.66","end_time":"369.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"370.14","end_time":"370.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9597","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"370.6","end_time":"371.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"direct"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"371.19","end_time":"371.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"371.3","end_time":"371.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"371.46","end_time":"371.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"371.75","end_time":"371.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"371.85","end_time":"372.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"372.0","end_time":"372.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"372.09","end_time":"372.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"372.37","end_time":"372.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"372.46","end_time":"372.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"372.57","end_time":"372.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"372.82","end_time":"373.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trouble"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"374.63","end_time":"374.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"374.99","end_time":"375.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6082","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"375.11","end_time":"375.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"375.32","end_time":"375.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"376.09","end_time":"376.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"376.53","end_time":"376.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"376.71","end_time":"377.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correctness"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"377.33","end_time":"377.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"377.65","end_time":"377.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"along"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"377.99","end_time":"378.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.08","end_time":"378.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.37","end_time":"378.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.46","end_time":"378.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.54","end_time":"378.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.71","end_time":"378.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"378.94","end_time":"379.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"379.12","end_time":"379.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"379.27","end_time":"379.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"380.08","end_time":"380.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"380.23","end_time":"380.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"380.33","end_time":"380.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"380.54","end_time":"380.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"380.68","end_time":"380.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"380.76","end_time":"381.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"complete"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"381.3","end_time":"381.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"381.72","end_time":"381.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"381.9","end_time":"381.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"381.99","end_time":"382.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"382.09","end_time":"382.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"complete"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"382.62","end_time":"382.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"382.78","end_time":"382.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"382.95","end_time":"383.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.11","end_time":"383.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.27","end_time":"383.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.35","end_time":"383.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7866","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.64","end_time":"383.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"383.72","end_time":"384.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"384.42","end_time":"384.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8214","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"384.54","end_time":"384.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"384.62","end_time":"384.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"384.78","end_time":"385.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99945","content":"100%"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.32","end_time":"385.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.42","end_time":"385.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.5","end_time":"385.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"386.45","end_time":"386.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"386.57","end_time":"386.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4967","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"386.81","end_time":"387.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.502","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.27","end_time":"387.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.46","end_time":"388.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"388.13","end_time":"388.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"388.3","end_time":"388.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"388.42","end_time":"388.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"388.67","end_time":"388.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"388.84","end_time":"389.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"389.6","end_time":"389.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.78","end_time":"389.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.91","end_time":"390.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"390.09","end_time":"390.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"390.54","end_time":"390.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9025","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"390.88","end_time":"391.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"391.05","end_time":"391.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"391.39","end_time":"391.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"391.7","end_time":"391.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"391.8","end_time":"391.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"391.93","end_time":"392.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dig"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.16","end_time":"392.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.35","end_time":"392.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"392.45","end_time":"392.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9806","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"393.06","end_time":"393.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"393.24","end_time":"393.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"393.33","end_time":"393.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"393.58","end_time":"394.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recommend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.04","end_time":"394.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.2","end_time":"394.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.34","end_time":"394.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.5","end_time":"394.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.59","end_time":"394.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"394.86","end_time":"395.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"395.38","end_time":"395.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.47","end_time":"395.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.68","end_time":"395.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.78","end_time":"395.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"395.87","end_time":"396.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5888","content":"deadline's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"396.29","end_time":"396.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"396.46","end_time":"396.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"396.64","end_time":"396.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"397.2","end_time":"397.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"397.35","end_time":"397.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"397.53","end_time":"397.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"397.64","end_time":"397.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"397.94","end_time":"398.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"398.09","end_time":"398.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Friday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"398.89","end_time":"399.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.12","end_time":"399.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.28","end_time":"399.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.4","end_time":"399.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.66","end_time":"399.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.76","end_time":"399.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.85","end_time":"400.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6033","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"400.27","end_time":"400.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8687","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"400.52","end_time":"400.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"400.61","end_time":"400.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9707","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"400.86","end_time":"401.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9783","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"401.0","end_time":"401.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"401.86","end_time":"402.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9405","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"402.64","end_time":"402.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"402.8","end_time":"402.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"402.89","end_time":"403.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"403.57","end_time":"404.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"grading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.08","end_time":"404.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.19","end_time":"404.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.26","end_time":"404.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"404.51","end_time":"405.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"405.35","end_time":"405.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"405.55","end_time":"405.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"405.76","end_time":"406.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"406.04","end_time":"406.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"406.79","end_time":"407.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"407.21","end_time":"407.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"407.33","end_time":"407.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"407.75","end_time":"407.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"407.91","end_time":"408.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9385","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"408.05","end_time":"408.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"408.32","end_time":"408.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"408.46","end_time":"408.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"408.61","end_time":"409.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"409.25","end_time":"409.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"409.46","end_time":"409.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"409.7","end_time":"410.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.02","end_time":"410.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.1","end_time":"410.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8831","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.42","end_time":"410.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.58","end_time":"410.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.71","end_time":"411.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7374","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.01","end_time":"411.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.09","end_time":"411.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8918","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.42","end_time":"411.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"412.14","end_time":"412.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7353","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"412.21","end_time":"412.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9653","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"412.68","end_time":"413.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.25","end_time":"413.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.6","end_time":"413.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.0","end_time":"414.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.16","end_time":"414.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.25","end_time":"414.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.62","end_time":"414.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.75","end_time":"414.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.96","end_time":"415.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.1","end_time":"415.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.25","end_time":"415.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"415.57","end_time":"415.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.78","end_time":"415.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9687","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.88","end_time":"416.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9687","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"416.79","end_time":"416.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"416.99","end_time":"417.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8735","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"417.06","end_time":"417.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8735","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"417.27","end_time":"417.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"broadly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"417.84","end_time":"418.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.04","end_time":"418.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.19","end_time":"418.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.31","end_time":"418.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.46","end_time":"418.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.56","end_time":"418.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.64","end_time":"418.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.83","end_time":"419.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"420.12","end_time":"420.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.49","end_time":"420.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.66","end_time":"420.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.79","end_time":"421.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6642","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"421.04","end_time":"421.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"421.38","end_time":"421.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"421.67","end_time":"422.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"422.02","end_time":"422.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"422.18","end_time":"422.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"422.29","end_time":"422.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"hidden"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.0","end_time":"423.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.14","end_time":"423.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.54","end_time":"423.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.68","end_time":"423.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.91","end_time":"424.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"424.09","end_time":"424.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"424.3","end_time":"424.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"424.42","end_time":"424.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"424.77","end_time":"425.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8111","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"425.05","end_time":"425.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"425.14","end_time":"425.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"425.53","end_time":"426.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correctly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"429.45","end_time":"429.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"Exams"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"429.94","end_time":"430.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"430.1","end_time":"430.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"430.34","end_time":"430.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"paper"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"430.91","end_time":"431.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"written"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"431.15","end_time":"431.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"431.38","end_time":"431.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"431.49","end_time":"432.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"exams"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"432.54","end_time":"433.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"433.11","end_time":"433.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"433.89","end_time":"434.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"434.5","end_time":"435.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6138","content":"Wednesdays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"436.01","end_time":"436.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"436.42","end_time":"436.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"436.58","end_time":"437.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.29","end_time":"437.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"component"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"437.84","end_time":"437.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.97","end_time":"438.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.26","end_time":"438.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"required"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.77","end_time":"438.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9389","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.84","end_time":"439.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.06","end_time":"439.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.14","end_time":"439.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.26","end_time":"439.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6221","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.51","end_time":"439.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.6","end_time":"439.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8264","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.77","end_time":"440.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8264","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"440.33","end_time":"440.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"440.63","end_time":"440.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"440.76","end_time":"440.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"440.97","end_time":"441.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"supplementary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"441.99","end_time":"442.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"442.19","end_time":"442.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8814","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"442.33","end_time":"443.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"443.44","end_time":"444.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"especially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"444.1","end_time":"444.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"444.16","end_time":"444.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"444.38","end_time":"444.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"444.76","end_time":"444.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5443","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"444.85","end_time":"445.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"445.04","end_time":"445.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"445.09","end_time":"445.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"smaller"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"445.49","end_time":"445.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"setting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"445.88","end_time":"446.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.06","end_time":"446.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.22","end_time":"446.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.52","end_time":"446.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.66","end_time":"446.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.93","end_time":"447.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"448.65","end_time":"449.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.11","end_time":"449.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"kyle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.54","end_time":"449.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9566","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.64","end_time":"450.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6316","content":"ta"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.02","end_time":"450.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"prepares"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.73","end_time":"450.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.94","end_time":"451.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"material"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.45","end_time":"451.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.81","end_time":"452.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.01","end_time":"452.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.11","end_time":"452.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.21","end_time":"452.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.45","end_time":"452.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"453.04","end_time":"453.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.35","end_time":"453.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.5","end_time":"453.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.69","end_time":"453.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.74","end_time":"453.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.9","end_time":"454.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"454.04","end_time":"454.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"454.11","end_time":"454.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"454.29","end_time":"454.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"extra"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"454.6","end_time":"455.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"459.1","end_time":"459.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7303","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"459.8","end_time":"460.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"460.55","end_time":"460.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"460.77","end_time":"461.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"461.11","end_time":"461.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"schedule"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"461.55","end_time":"461.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"461.65","end_time":"462.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"462.1","end_time":"462.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"462.3","end_time":"462.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"462.35","end_time":"462.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"component"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"462.79","end_time":"462.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"462.92","end_time":"463.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"463.1","end_time":"463.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"463.41","end_time":"463.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"463.58","end_time":"464.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Thursday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.1","end_time":"464.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9623","content":"evenings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"464.72","end_time":"465.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"465.48","end_time":"465.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6885","content":"PM"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"465.79","end_time":"465.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9453","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"465.89","end_time":"466.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"466.24","end_time":"466.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5262","content":"PM"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"466.94","end_time":"467.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.3","end_time":"467.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.42","end_time":"467.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9528","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.6","end_time":"468.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"468.0","end_time":"468.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"468.57","end_time":"469.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"469.33","end_time":"469.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"469.54","end_time":"470.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dedicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"470.12","end_time":"470.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"470.84","end_time":"471.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"471.19","end_time":"471.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"471.51","end_time":"471.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"471.82","end_time":"472.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"472.25","end_time":"472.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"472.77","end_time":"473.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"473.69","end_time":"474.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"474.41","end_time":"474.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"474.7","end_time":"474.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"474.84","end_time":"475.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"475.06","end_time":"475.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"475.18","end_time":"475.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"inspired"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"475.95","end_time":"476.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6892","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"476.43","end_time":"476.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"476.77","end_time":"477.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.29","end_time":"477.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.45","end_time":"477.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.57","end_time":"477.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"speed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"477.93","end_time":"478.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"478.12","end_time":"478.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"478.47","end_time":"479.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"479.39","end_time":"479.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"479.59","end_time":"480.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.23","end_time":"480.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teaches"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.69","end_time":"481.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9385","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"481.84","end_time":"482.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"482.28","end_time":"482.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"482.4","end_time":"482.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"482.61","end_time":"482.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"482.78","end_time":"483.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"483.04","end_time":"483.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quickly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"483.8","end_time":"484.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"484.23","end_time":"484.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"484.39","end_time":"484.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"484.64","end_time":"484.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"484.78","end_time":"485.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.04","end_time":"485.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.575","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.31","end_time":"485.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.39","end_time":"485.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.8","end_time":"486.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"486.09","end_time":"486.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9599","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.25","end_time":"486.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9514","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.52","end_time":"486.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.58","end_time":"486.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7771","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.82","end_time":"487.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"487.14","end_time":"487.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"487.84","end_time":"488.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"488.03","end_time":"488.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"488.29","end_time":"488.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"488.37","end_time":"488.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"488.77","end_time":"488.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"488.86","end_time":"489.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.1","end_time":"489.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.18","end_time":"489.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.33","end_time":"489.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.39","end_time":"489.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.55","end_time":"489.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9468","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.78","end_time":"490.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"scientist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"490.61","end_time":"490.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"490.91","end_time":"491.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.01","end_time":"491.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.22","end_time":"491.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.44","end_time":"491.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.6","end_time":"491.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.74","end_time":"491.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.99","end_time":"492.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.08","end_time":"492.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9783","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.56","end_time":"492.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"beyond"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.99","end_time":"493.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"493.13","end_time":"493.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"493.23","end_time":"493.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"493.43","end_time":"493.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"493.52","end_time":"493.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"493.68","end_time":"493.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"493.95","end_time":"494.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"494.35","end_time":"494.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"494.47","end_time":"494.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"494.58","end_time":"494.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"494.83","end_time":"494.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.59","end_time":"495.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.83","end_time":"496.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"496.27","end_time":"496.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"496.47","end_time":"496.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"496.54","end_time":"496.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9184","content":"tool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"496.84","end_time":"497.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9184","content":"kit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"497.12","end_time":"497.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"497.27","end_time":"497.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"497.37","end_time":"497.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"497.85","end_time":"498.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"essentials"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"498.81","end_time":"499.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"499.01","end_time":"499.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"499.12","end_time":"499.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"499.83","end_time":"500.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.0","end_time":"500.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.22","end_time":"500.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.31","end_time":"500.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.41","end_time":"500.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"cover"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.76","end_time":"500.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.87","end_time":"501.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"501.05","end_time":"501.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"501.88","end_time":"502.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"502.13","end_time":"502.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"502.24","end_time":"502.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"502.33","end_time":"502.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9492","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"502.88","end_time":"503.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.02","end_time":"504.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.23","end_time":"504.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9741","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.51","end_time":"504.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.76","end_time":"504.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"504.94","end_time":"505.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"505.5","end_time":"505.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"505.64","end_time":"505.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"506.56","end_time":"507.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"base"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.05","end_time":"507.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.16","end_time":"507.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knowledge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.75","end_time":"507.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.93","end_time":"508.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.23","end_time":"508.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.39","end_time":"508.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.52","end_time":"508.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.63","end_time":"508.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.8","end_time":"509.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.05","end_time":"509.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.36","end_time":"509.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9723","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.86","end_time":"510.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.07","end_time":"510.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4725","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.22","end_time":"510.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5205","content":"SC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.47","end_time":"510.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"20"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.83","end_time":"510.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9315","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.94","end_time":"511.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5574","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"511.18","end_time":"511.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5095","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"511.39","end_time":"511.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"512.26","end_time":"512.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"For"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.45","end_time":"512.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.67","end_time":"512.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.74","end_time":"512.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.82","end_time":"512.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8162","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.88","end_time":"513.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8496","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.01","end_time":"513.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.27","end_time":"513.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.62","end_time":"514.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"majors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"514.78","end_time":"515.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4333","content":"eso"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.26","end_time":"515.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.73","end_time":"516.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sessions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.3","end_time":"516.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.45","end_time":"516.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.86","end_time":"517.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.17","end_time":"517.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"required"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"517.76","end_time":"517.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.86","end_time":"518.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.03","end_time":"518.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5942","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.15","end_time":"518.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5942","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.21","end_time":"518.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.42","end_time":"519.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"attendance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"519.38","end_time":"519.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"519.84","end_time":"519.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"519.96","end_time":"520.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.14","end_time":"520.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.49","end_time":"520.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hold"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.74","end_time":"520.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"520.84","end_time":"521.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"responsible"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"521.42","end_time":"521.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"521.58","end_time":"521.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"521.66","end_time":"522.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"material"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"522.15","end_time":"522.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"522.39","end_time":"522.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"covered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"522.8","end_time":"522.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"522.92","end_time":"523.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"523.11","end_time":"523.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"sessions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"523.95","end_time":"524.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"524.17","end_time":"524.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.26","end_time":"524.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.38","end_time":"524.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.52","end_time":"524.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.57","end_time":"525.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8995","content":"confident"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"525.09","end_time":"525.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"programmer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"525.85","end_time":"526.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.03","end_time":"526.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.11","end_time":"526.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.33","end_time":"526.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.5","end_time":"526.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.58","end_time":"526.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.72","end_time":"526.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.8","end_time":"526.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.89","end_time":"527.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9492","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"527.33","end_time":"527.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9257","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"528.11","end_time":"528.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"sessions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"529.04","end_time":"529.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.34","end_time":"529.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"530.18","end_time":"530.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.53","end_time":"530.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.64","end_time":"531.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.05","end_time":"531.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.33","end_time":"531.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.43","end_time":"531.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"demonstrate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.96","end_time":"532.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.14","end_time":"532.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mastery"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.56","end_time":"532.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.7","end_time":"532.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.93","end_time":"533.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.23","end_time":"533.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.69","end_time":"534.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"534.12","end_time":"534.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"534.27","end_time":"534.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.703","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"534.48","end_time":"535.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"536.04","end_time":"536.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"536.36","end_time":"536.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"536.98","end_time":"537.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"537.22","end_time":"537.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"537.41","end_time":"537.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"exam"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"537.9","end_time":"538.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.13","end_time":"538.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.26","end_time":"538.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.37","end_time":"538.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.49","end_time":"538.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.88","end_time":"539.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"539.33","end_time":"540.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"540.81","end_time":"541.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"541.08","end_time":"541.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"541.29","end_time":"541.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sessions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"541.72","end_time":"542.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"542.02","end_time":"542.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8682","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"542.21","end_time":"543.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8752","content":"timeto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"543.14","end_time":"544.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9659","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"544.42","end_time":"544.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"544.9","end_time":"545.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.15","end_time":"545.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.41","end_time":"545.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.76","end_time":"546.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.01","end_time":"546.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9496","content":"tutor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"546.37","end_time":"546.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.54","end_time":"546.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.71","end_time":"546.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6495","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.82","end_time":"546.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7369","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.98","end_time":"547.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.14","end_time":"547.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.32","end_time":"547.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.45","end_time":"548.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9656","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"548.26","end_time":"548.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"548.84","end_time":"548.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"548.98","end_time":"549.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"549.13","end_time":"549.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"549.24","end_time":"549.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"549.52","end_time":"549.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"549.79","end_time":"549.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"549.88","end_time":"550.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"550.04","end_time":"550.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"550.22","end_time":"550.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"550.66","end_time":"550.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"550.91","end_time":"551.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.03","end_time":"551.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.17","end_time":"551.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.28","end_time":"551.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.49","end_time":"551.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.71","end_time":"551.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.85","end_time":"551.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.93","end_time":"552.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9209","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"552.37","end_time":"552.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"552.71","end_time":"552.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"552.98","end_time":"553.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.09","end_time":"553.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.29","end_time":"553.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.39","end_time":"553.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.55","end_time":"553.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.64","end_time":"553.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9084","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.8","end_time":"554.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9254","content":"sessions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"554.76","end_time":"554.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8074","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.88","end_time":"555.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.04","end_time":"555.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9671","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.54","end_time":"555.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.82","end_time":"555.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7357","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.95","end_time":"556.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.26","end_time":"556.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.67","end_time":"556.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5655","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"556.81","end_time":"557.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"557.54","end_time":"558.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9415","content":"platforms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"558.16","end_time":"558.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.603","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"558.64","end_time":"558.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.574","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"558.74","end_time":"559.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"559.04","end_time":"559.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"559.29","end_time":"559.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"559.78","end_time":"559.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"559.96","end_time":"560.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.1","end_time":"560.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.41","end_time":"560.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.59","end_time":"560.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hour"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.84","end_time":"560.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"560.9","end_time":"561.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"561.19","end_time":"561.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"562.02","end_time":"562.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"562.38","end_time":"562.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"562.86","end_time":"563.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"563.77","end_time":"563.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"563.93","end_time":"564.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.1","end_time":"564.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.17","end_time":"564.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.39","end_time":"564.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.62","end_time":"564.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.85","end_time":"564.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.0","end_time":"565.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8942","content":"dis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.3","end_time":"565.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"joint"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.61","end_time":"565.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.81","end_time":"566.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.21","end_time":"566.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.44","end_time":"566.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.53","end_time":"566.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"topics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.98","end_time":"567.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.11","end_time":"567.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.19","end_time":"567.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.42","end_time":"567.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"569.34","end_time":"569.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7895","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"570.24","end_time":"570.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.85","end_time":"571.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8235","content":"grating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"571.25","end_time":"571.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"572.39","end_time":"572.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.47","end_time":"572.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.64","end_time":"572.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.7","end_time":"573.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"573.33","end_time":"573.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"573.5","end_time":"573.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9131","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"573.66","end_time":"573.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"573.95","end_time":"574.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"diversity"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"574.5","end_time":"574.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"574.62","end_time":"575.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"inclusion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"575.27","end_time":"575.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5686","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"575.39","end_time":"575.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"575.48","end_time":"575.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9484","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"575.67","end_time":"575.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"575.85","end_time":"575.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"575.94","end_time":"576.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"576.07","end_time":"576.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9572","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"576.13","end_time":"576.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"576.41","end_time":"576.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"576.57","end_time":"576.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"576.73","end_time":"577.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8713","content":"echo"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"577.0","end_time":"577.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8339","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"577.08","end_time":"577.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"577.16","end_time":"577.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"person"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"578.09","end_time":"578.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"578.67","end_time":"578.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5531","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"578.8","end_time":"579.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"579.13","end_time":"579.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"579.75","end_time":"579.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"579.84","end_time":"580.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.03","end_time":"580.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.38","end_time":"580.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.47","end_time":"580.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.67","end_time":"581.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comfortable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"581.24","end_time":"581.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"581.47","end_time":"581.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"safe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"581.79","end_time":"581.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"581.89","end_time":"582.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"included"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.41","end_time":"582.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.71","end_time":"582.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.97","end_time":"583.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"classroom"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.52","end_time":"583.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.69","end_time":"583.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.84","end_time":"584.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"584.02","end_time":"584.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"584.14","end_time":"584.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"584.93","end_time":"585.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.12","end_time":"585.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.67","end_time":"585.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.78","end_time":"586.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"586.72","end_time":"587.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"587.23","end_time":"587.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"587.74","end_time":"588.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"588.09","end_time":"588.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"588.23","end_time":"588.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"588.34","end_time":"588.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"588.62","end_time":"588.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"588.85","end_time":"589.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.04","end_time":"589.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.2","end_time":"589.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.5","end_time":"589.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.68","end_time":"590.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"590.09","end_time":"590.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"590.22","end_time":"590.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"590.33","end_time":"590.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"590.44","end_time":"590.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"590.63","end_time":"591.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"suggestions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.31","end_time":"591.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.59","end_time":"591.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.99","end_time":"592.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"592.11","end_time":"592.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"592.27","end_time":"592.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"592.43","end_time":"592.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"592.54","end_time":"592.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"592.9","end_time":"593.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"593.13","end_time":"593.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"included"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"594.12","end_time":"594.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.33","end_time":"594.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.44","end_time":"594.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.67","end_time":"594.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.88","end_time":"595.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"595.28","end_time":"595.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"595.44","end_time":"595.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"aware"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"595.77","end_time":"595.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"595.89","end_time":"595.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"595.94","end_time":"596.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8973","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.18","end_time":"596.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.37","end_time":"596.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.46","end_time":"596.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.65","end_time":"596.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.85","end_time":"597.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.23","end_time":"598.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.44","end_time":"598.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.55","end_time":"598.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.76","end_time":"598.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"599.0","end_time":"599.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disability"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.61","end_time":"599.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.73","end_time":"599.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8297","content":"needing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.98","end_time":"600.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"accommodation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"600.99","end_time":"601.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9076","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.21","end_time":"601.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.36","end_time":"601.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.83","end_time":"602.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.05","end_time":"602.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.15","end_time":"602.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.29","end_time":"602.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9282","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.44","end_time":"602.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.59","end_time":"602.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"602.86","end_time":"602.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.97","end_time":"603.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"603.07","end_time":"603.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"603.31","end_time":"603.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"603.41","end_time":"603.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"accommodate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"603.9","end_time":"604.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"605.74","end_time":"606.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8282","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"606.45","end_time":"607.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"608.13","end_time":"608.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.24","end_time":"608.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7394","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.42","end_time":"608.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.61","end_time":"608.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.81","end_time":"608.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.92","end_time":"609.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"609.01","end_time":"609.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slides"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"609.68","end_time":"609.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"609.77","end_time":"610.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.01","end_time":"610.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.75","end_time":"612.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collaboration"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"621.74","end_time":"622.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.79","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"623.2","end_time":"623.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"624.58","end_time":"624.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"624.81","end_time":"625.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.54","end_time":"625.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.9","end_time":"626.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.0","end_time":"626.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.08","end_time":"626.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.37","end_time":"626.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.73","end_time":"626.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"626.97","end_time":"627.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"627.08","end_time":"627.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"627.39","end_time":"627.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"627.56","end_time":"627.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"627.7","end_time":"628.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"628.13","end_time":"628.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"628.94","end_time":"629.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.31","end_time":"629.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.45","end_time":"629.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.59","end_time":"629.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.9","end_time":"630.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.05","end_time":"630.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.4","end_time":"630.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"631.02","end_time":"631.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9688","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"631.25","end_time":"631.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.37","end_time":"631.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.57","end_time":"631.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.82","end_time":"631.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.95","end_time":"632.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.04","end_time":"632.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9584","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.17","end_time":"632.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.43","end_time":"632.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.68","end_time":"632.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.85","end_time":"633.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"633.07","end_time":"633.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"633.15","end_time":"633.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8822","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"633.27","end_time":"633.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"633.49","end_time":"633.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"633.91","end_time":"634.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.2","end_time":"634.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.37","end_time":"634.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.69","end_time":"635.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"635.05","end_time":"635.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3054","content":"Ta"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"635.4","end_time":"635.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.232","content":"Czar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"635.65","end_time":"636.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9413","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"636.46","end_time":"636.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"636.69","end_time":"636.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"636.8","end_time":"636.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"636.94","end_time":"637.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.26","end_time":"637.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6568","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.36","end_time":"637.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.59","end_time":"637.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.74","end_time":"638.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.04","end_time":"638.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.3","end_time":"638.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.44","end_time":"638.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8337","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.55","end_time":"638.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"638.77","end_time":"638.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.93","end_time":"639.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.22","end_time":"639.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"free"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.43","end_time":"639.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.5","end_time":"639.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discuss"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.86","end_time":"639.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.98","end_time":"640.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"640.09","end_time":"640.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"classmates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"641.34","end_time":"641.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7818","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"641.99","end_time":"642.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"642.46","end_time":"643.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7148","content":"discuss"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.01","end_time":"643.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.34","end_time":"643.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.78","end_time":"643.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.94","end_time":"644.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"person"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.67","end_time":"644.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.89","end_time":"645.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.27","end_time":"645.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.58","end_time":"645.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.91","end_time":"646.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"646.99","end_time":"647.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.65","end_time":"647.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9365","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.9","end_time":"648.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.06","end_time":"648.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.19","end_time":"648.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.56","end_time":"648.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.78","end_time":"648.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.92","end_time":"649.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"649.23","end_time":"649.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"649.7","end_time":"649.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"649.91","end_time":"650.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"650.1","end_time":"650.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"650.73","end_time":"650.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"650.96","end_time":"651.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.05","end_time":"651.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.28","end_time":"651.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.55","end_time":"651.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.71","end_time":"651.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.94","end_time":"652.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"652.35","end_time":"652.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.5","end_time":"652.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.67","end_time":"653.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"653.27","end_time":"653.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"653.66","end_time":"653.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"653.78","end_time":"653.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"653.99","end_time":"654.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"654.21","end_time":"654.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"meet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"654.44","end_time":"654.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"654.86","end_time":"655.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"655.06","end_time":"655.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"655.47","end_time":"655.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"655.77","end_time":"656.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.02","end_time":"656.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.13","end_time":"656.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.25","end_time":"656.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.39","end_time":"656.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.48","end_time":"656.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.99","end_time":"657.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.1","end_time":"657.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9383","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.34","end_time":"657.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6746","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.52","end_time":"657.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.63","end_time":"657.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.73","end_time":"657.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.84","end_time":"657.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.94","end_time":"658.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"658.92","end_time":"659.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.14","end_time":"659.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9086","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.34","end_time":"659.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.5","end_time":"659.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.65","end_time":"659.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.76","end_time":"659.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"659.82","end_time":"660.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"blackboard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.06","end_time":"661.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.29","end_time":"661.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"share"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.55","end_time":"661.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.68","end_time":"662.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ideas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.09","end_time":"662.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.21","end_time":"662.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.38","end_time":"662.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.67","end_time":"662.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.0","end_time":"664.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collectively"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.11","end_time":"664.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.36","end_time":"664.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.47","end_time":"664.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.69","end_time":"665.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"665.4","end_time":"665.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"665.65","end_time":"665.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"665.82","end_time":"666.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"666.05","end_time":"666.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"666.84","end_time":"667.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.09","end_time":"667.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"667.25","end_time":"667.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.39","end_time":"667.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.54","end_time":"667.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.8","end_time":"667.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.93","end_time":"668.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"668.35","end_time":"668.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6999","content":"hm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"669.1","end_time":"669.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"669.3","end_time":"669.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"669.65","end_time":"669.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"669.88","end_time":"670.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.0","end_time":"670.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.29","end_time":"670.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.42","end_time":"670.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6149","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.48","end_time":"670.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.61","end_time":"670.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"670.77","end_time":"671.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"671.13","end_time":"671.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"671.24","end_time":"671.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"671.36","end_time":"671.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"671.54","end_time":"672.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5135","content":"separately"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"672.7","end_time":"672.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"673.54","end_time":"674.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"674.61","end_time":"674.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"674.84","end_time":"675.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"labs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.21","end_time":"675.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.37","end_time":"675.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.45","end_time":"675.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.58","end_time":"675.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submitted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.99","end_time":"676.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"individually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"676.51","end_time":"676.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.67","end_time":"676.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9629","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.96","end_time":"677.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.19","end_time":"677.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"limit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.47","end_time":"677.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.72","end_time":"677.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.89","end_time":"678.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"678.02","end_time":"678.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"678.15","end_time":"678.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9625","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"678.3","end_time":"678.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"678.57","end_time":"678.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"679.58","end_time":"680.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"680.15","end_time":"680.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2879","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"680.49","end_time":"681.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2882","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"681.16","end_time":"681.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"681.47","end_time":"681.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"681.56","end_time":"682.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9009","content":"projects"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"683.21","end_time":"683.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9287","content":"projects"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"683.86","end_time":"684.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8963","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"684.1","end_time":"684.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6182","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"684.7","end_time":"685.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8465","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"685.63","end_time":"685.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"685.76","end_time":"685.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6855","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"685.92","end_time":"686.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.07","end_time":"686.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.28","end_time":"686.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"individually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"686.82","end_time":"686.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.9","end_time":"687.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.02","end_time":"687.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.15","end_time":"687.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.27","end_time":"687.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.45","end_time":"687.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.63","end_time":"687.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.88","end_time":"688.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.38","end_time":"688.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.72","end_time":"689.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"689.02","end_time":"689.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"689.27","end_time":"689.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5367","content":"Pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"689.53","end_time":"690.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9418","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"691.46","end_time":"691.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.69","end_time":"691.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8227","content":"Pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.92","end_time":"692.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9481","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.39","end_time":"692.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.62","end_time":"693.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.13","end_time":"693.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.2","end_time":"693.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.44","end_time":"693.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.96","end_time":"694.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"term"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"694.27","end_time":"694.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"694.43","end_time":"694.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"694.66","end_time":"695.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"695.77","end_time":"696.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.05","end_time":"696.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.23","end_time":"696.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.45","end_time":"696.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.82","end_time":"697.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.14","end_time":"697.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.36","end_time":"697.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.42","end_time":"697.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"698.21","end_time":"698.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.42","end_time":"698.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.8","end_time":"699.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"699.06","end_time":"699.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"699.13","end_time":"699.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"699.43","end_time":"699.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"style"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"699.98","end_time":"700.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"700.09","end_time":"700.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"700.68","end_time":"701.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.84","end_time":"702.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"702.06","end_time":"702.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"702.3","end_time":"702.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"702.45","end_time":"702.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"702.84","end_time":"703.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"driving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"703.31","end_time":"703.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"analogy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"703.88","end_time":"704.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"704.07","end_time":"704.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"704.16","end_time":"704.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8946","content":"you's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"704.37","end_time":"704.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"704.46","end_time":"704.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"driver"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"704.98","end_time":"705.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.09","end_time":"705.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.23","end_time":"705.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.31","end_time":"705.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.684","content":"you's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.5","end_time":"705.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.59","end_time":"706.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"passenger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"706.7","end_time":"706.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"706.91","end_time":"706.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"706.99","end_time":"707.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"707.23","end_time":"707.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"707.34","end_time":"707.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"707.5","end_time":"707.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"707.74","end_time":"708.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"708.33","end_time":"708.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"708.42","end_time":"708.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"driver"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"708.76","end_time":"708.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"708.85","end_time":"708.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"708.92","end_time":"709.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"passenger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"709.49","end_time":"709.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5333","content":"worked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"709.73","end_time":"710.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"710.11","end_time":"710.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"710.29","end_time":"710.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"710.48","end_time":"711.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"711.51","end_time":"711.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"711.68","end_time":"711.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"711.78","end_time":"712.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"712.04","end_time":"712.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"712.33","end_time":"712.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9224","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"712.44","end_time":"712.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sitting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"712.67","end_time":"712.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"712.82","end_time":"713.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"713.03","end_time":"713.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"713.09","end_time":"713.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"713.24","end_time":"713.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"713.94","end_time":"714.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"714.39","end_time":"714.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"714.53","end_time":"714.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"714.91","end_time":"715.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"turns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"715.52","end_time":"715.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"715.75","end_time":"715.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"715.84","end_time":"716.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"driver"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"716.2","end_time":"716.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8073","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"716.3","end_time":"716.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"716.37","end_time":"716.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"passenger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"717.18","end_time":"717.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"717.41","end_time":"717.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"717.52","end_time":"717.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9695","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"717.65","end_time":"717.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"717.75","end_time":"718.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"driver"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"718.43","end_time":"718.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9133","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"718.58","end_time":"718.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"job"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"718.94","end_time":"719.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"719.15","end_time":"719.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"719.94","end_time":"720.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"720.59","end_time":"720.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"720.7","end_time":"721.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"721.25","end_time":"721.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9653","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"721.77","end_time":"722.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"722.01","end_time":"722.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"722.14","end_time":"722.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"723.1","end_time":"723.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"723.37","end_time":"723.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"723.54","end_time":"723.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"723.76","end_time":"723.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"723.95","end_time":"724.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"724.1","end_time":"725.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"passenger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"725.04","end_time":"725.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9516","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"725.21","end_time":"725.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"job"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"725.48","end_time":"725.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"725.61","end_time":"725.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"725.74","end_time":"725.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"725.93","end_time":"726.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"726.19","end_time":"726.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"726.33","end_time":"727.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shoulder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"727.24","end_time":"727.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"727.43","end_time":"728.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anticipate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"728.29","end_time":"728.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"728.46","end_time":"729.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mistakes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"729.53","end_time":"729.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"729.71","end_time":"730.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correct"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"730.21","end_time":"730.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"730.36","end_time":"731.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"732.18","end_time":"732.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"732.36","end_time":"732.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"732.46","end_time":"732.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"732.66","end_time":"732.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"732.75","end_time":"732.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"732.95","end_time":"733.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"driving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.47","end_time":"733.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"734.0","end_time":"734.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.31","end_time":"734.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.4","end_time":"734.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6752","content":"drivers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.9","end_time":"735.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.02","end_time":"735.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"charge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"735.57","end_time":"735.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.74","end_time":"735.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.83","end_time":"736.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"passenger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"736.41","end_time":"736.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.51","end_time":"736.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.63","end_time":"737.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9341","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.0","end_time":"737.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.11","end_time":"737.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5086","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.24","end_time":"737.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5086","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.3","end_time":"737.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"crash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.57","end_time":"737.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.73","end_time":"738.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.16","end_time":"738.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4873","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"738.3","end_time":"738.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8525","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.37","end_time":"738.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.54","end_time":"738.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.81","end_time":"739.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.04","end_time":"739.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"739.22","end_time":"739.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9365","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"740.3","end_time":"740.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"740.83","end_time":"741.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.17","end_time":"741.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.27","end_time":"741.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.53","end_time":"741.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"idea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"741.96","end_time":"742.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.17","end_time":"742.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.45","end_time":"742.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.53","end_time":"742.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6696","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.83","end_time":"743.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"valuable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"743.5","end_time":"743.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"744.06","end_time":"744.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"proven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"744.57","end_time":"745.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"745.03","end_time":"745.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"745.31","end_time":"745.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8933","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"746.06","end_time":"746.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"746.8","end_time":"746.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9703","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"746.9","end_time":"747.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8212","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.41","end_time":"747.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.56","end_time":"747.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.83","end_time":"747.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.99","end_time":"748.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6708","content":"para"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"748.25","end_time":"748.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"748.72","end_time":"749.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"model"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"749.35","end_time":"749.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"749.57","end_time":"749.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"749.74","end_time":"750.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"studies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"750.14","end_time":"750.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"750.46","end_time":"750.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"750.65","end_time":"750.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9453","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"750.77","end_time":"751.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effective"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"752.29","end_time":"752.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"752.46","end_time":"752.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"752.52","end_time":"752.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"752.73","end_time":"752.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"752.84","end_time":"753.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"753.07","end_time":"753.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"753.4","end_time":"754.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.29","end_time":"754.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.44","end_time":"754.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.65","end_time":"754.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.99","end_time":"755.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.19","end_time":"755.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.34","end_time":"755.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.62","end_time":"755.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.76","end_time":"756.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7067","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"756.64","end_time":"756.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"756.86","end_time":"756.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9771","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"756.98","end_time":"757.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.09","end_time":"757.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"driver"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"757.63","end_time":"757.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.93","end_time":"758.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"758.19","end_time":"758.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"758.28","end_time":"758.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9447","content":"passenger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"758.76","end_time":"758.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9451","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"758.89","end_time":"759.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9768","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"759.13","end_time":"759.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"759.56","end_time":"760.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"760.14","end_time":"760.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"760.33","end_time":"760.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"760.52","end_time":"760.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"760.89","end_time":"761.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9577","content":"else's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.27","end_time":"761.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.56","end_time":"762.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"process"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"762.68","end_time":"762.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"762.94","end_time":"763.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.05","end_time":"763.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.15","end_time":"763.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.32","end_time":"763.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.36","end_time":"763.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.53","end_time":"764.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"perspective"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.1","end_time":"764.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.27","end_time":"764.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.45","end_time":"764.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.57","end_time":"764.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.67","end_time":"764.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.97","end_time":"765.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"knew"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.13","end_time":"765.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.21","end_time":"765.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.3","end_time":"765.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.44","end_time":"765.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.54","end_time":"765.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"765.82","end_time":"766.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yourself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"766.94","end_time":"767.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.27","end_time":"767.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"steer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.55","end_time":"767.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4261","content":"partner's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.96","end_time":"768.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6665","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.08","end_time":"768.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6674","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.14","end_time":"768.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.26","end_time":"768.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.33","end_time":"768.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.4","end_time":"768.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.71","end_time":"768.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"769.19","end_time":"769.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"769.52","end_time":"769.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"769.66","end_time":"769.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"770.11","end_time":"770.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.25","end_time":"770.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.36","end_time":"770.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.45","end_time":"770.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.67","end_time":"770.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.79","end_time":"770.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.88","end_time":"770.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.96","end_time":"771.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.08","end_time":"771.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.17","end_time":"771.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"771.7","end_time":"771.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8346","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.83","end_time":"772.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.04","end_time":"772.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8585","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.13","end_time":"772.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.3","end_time":"772.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.53","end_time":"772.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"772.86","end_time":"773.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"773.04","end_time":"773.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"773.15","end_time":"773.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"774.17","end_time":"774.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"775.24","end_time":"775.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.46","end_time":"775.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9541","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.53","end_time":"775.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.69","end_time":"775.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.84","end_time":"775.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.95","end_time":"776.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.15","end_time":"776.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"productive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.62","end_time":"777.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.12","end_time":"777.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.41","end_time":"777.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.6","end_time":"777.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.65","end_time":"777.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.81","end_time":"777.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"777.96","end_time":"778.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"778.07","end_time":"778.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"778.24","end_time":"778.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"779.06","end_time":"779.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.37","end_time":"779.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9694","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.47","end_time":"779.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"definitely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.82","end_time":"780.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"encouraged"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.43","end_time":"780.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.52","end_time":"780.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.75","end_time":"780.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.85","end_time":"781.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pairs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.33","end_time":"781.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.64","end_time":"781.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.0","end_time":"782.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.65","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.22","end_time":"782.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.3","end_time":"782.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.52","end_time":"782.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effective"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.97","end_time":"783.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"783.11","end_time":"783.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"783.2","end_time":"783.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8796","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"784.04","end_time":"784.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.62","end_time":"784.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.75","end_time":"784.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.85","end_time":"785.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prefer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"785.21","end_time":"785.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"785.27","end_time":"785.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"785.47","end_time":"785.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"individually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"785.98","end_time":"786.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.08","end_time":"786.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.46","end_time":"786.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.58","end_time":"786.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.66","end_time":"786.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.85","end_time":"787.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"787.21","end_time":"787.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"partners"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"787.6","end_time":"787.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"787.73","end_time":"787.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"787.91","end_time":"788.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.29","end_time":"788.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.44","end_time":"788.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.66","end_time":"789.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"789.62","end_time":"789.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.87","end_time":"790.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.14","end_time":"790.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"791.26","end_time":"792.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"commitment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.01","end_time":"792.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.13","end_time":"792.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.42","end_time":"792.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.56","end_time":"792.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.68","end_time":"793.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"793.04","end_time":"793.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.18","end_time":"793.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.37","end_time":"793.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.53","end_time":"793.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"motivate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"793.94","end_time":"794.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.05","end_time":"794.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.24","end_time":"794.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.53","end_time":"794.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.6","end_time":"794.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.8","end_time":"795.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.15","end_time":"795.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.27","end_time":"795.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.63","end_time":"795.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"795.85","end_time":"796.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.0","end_time":"796.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.552","content":"they'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.15","end_time":"796.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.34","end_time":"796.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.4","end_time":"796.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"continue"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.73","end_time":"797.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.04","end_time":"797.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.21","end_time":"797.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"799.04","end_time":"799.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.8","end_time":"799.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.96","end_time":"800.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.03","end_time":"800.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.22","end_time":"800.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.57","end_time":"800.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.75","end_time":"801.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.04","end_time":"801.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.22","end_time":"801.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"highly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.52","end_time":"802.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"collaborative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"802.6","end_time":"803.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9175","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"803.53","end_time":"803.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9365","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"803.82","end_time":"804.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.32","end_time":"804.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.62","end_time":"804.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"limits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.97","end_time":"805.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.05","end_time":"805.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.16","end_time":"805.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.37","end_time":"805.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.44","end_time":"805.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.69","end_time":"806.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collaborate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"806.26","end_time":"806.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"806.62","end_time":"806.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.8","end_time":"806.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.86","end_time":"807.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"807.05","end_time":"807.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.14","end_time":"807.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8883","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.28","end_time":"807.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discuss"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.78","end_time":"808.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.18","end_time":"808.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.28","end_time":"808.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.49","end_time":"808.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.62","end_time":"808.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.79","end_time":"809.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"810.17","end_time":"810.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"810.86","end_time":"811.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.59","end_time":"811.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.77","end_time":"811.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.84","end_time":"811.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"811.96","end_time":"812.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"verbal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"812.92","end_time":"813.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"813.35","end_time":"813.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"813.51","end_time":"813.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"814.04","end_time":"814.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"send"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"814.61","end_time":"815.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"written"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"815.24","end_time":"815.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"communication"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"815.95","end_time":"816.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.05","end_time":"816.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.37","end_time":"816.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.73","end_time":"817.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"describing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.77","end_time":"818.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.0","end_time":"818.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"approach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"819.03","end_time":"819.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6402","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"819.53","end_time":"819.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.72","end_time":"820.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.12","end_time":"820.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"share"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.39","end_time":"820.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8031","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.65","end_time":"821.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"share"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"821.0","end_time":"821.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"821.39","end_time":"821.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"821.54","end_time":"821.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"821.9","end_time":"822.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"822.64","end_time":"822.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"822.78","end_time":"823.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"823.04","end_time":"823.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"823.26","end_time":"823.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"823.37","end_time":"823.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"823.7","end_time":"824.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"else's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"824.05","end_time":"824.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"824.94","end_time":"825.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"825.18","end_time":"825.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"825.3","end_time":"825.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"825.78","end_time":"826.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.22","end_time":"826.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.6","end_time":"826.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.82","end_time":"826.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4955","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.93","end_time":"827.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"academic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"827.42","end_time":"828.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integrity"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"828.39","end_time":"829.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"violations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.07","end_time":"829.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6466","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.4","end_time":"829.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.48","end_time":"829.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.64","end_time":"829.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8792","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"829.95","end_time":"830.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8792","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.54","end_time":"830.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.89","end_time":"831.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"831.37","end_time":"831.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8818","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"831.53","end_time":"831.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"831.95","end_time":"832.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"832.07","end_time":"832.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"832.2","end_time":"832.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7649","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"832.61","end_time":"833.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"833.13","end_time":"833.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"forum"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.01","end_time":"834.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.48","end_time":"834.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.65","end_time":"834.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"835.67","end_time":"835.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5331","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.73","end_time":"835.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9549","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"836.11","end_time":"836.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.26","end_time":"836.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.4","end_time":"836.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allowed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.7","end_time":"836.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.79","end_time":"837.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.26","end_time":"837.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.4","end_time":"837.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"838.17","end_time":"838.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.33","end_time":"838.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.57","end_time":"838.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.84","end_time":"838.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.94","end_time":"839.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"839.42","end_time":"839.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"839.93","end_time":"840.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9671","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"840.31","end_time":"840.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8143","content":"share"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"840.69","end_time":"841.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"potentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"841.48","end_time":"841.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sharing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"841.83","end_time":"841.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"841.96","end_time":"842.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"842.26","end_time":"842.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"842.5","end_time":"842.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"842.94","end_time":"843.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"843.14","end_time":"843.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"843.23","end_time":"843.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"843.3","end_time":"843.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"844.2","end_time":"844.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"844.4","end_time":"844.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.72","end_time":"844.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.86","end_time":"845.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"shouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.18","end_time":"845.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.34","end_time":"845.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.53","end_time":"845.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.65","end_time":"845.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.79","end_time":"846.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.18","end_time":"846.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.34","end_time":"846.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.65","end_time":"846.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.83","end_time":"846.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"846.96","end_time":"847.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8426","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"847.3","end_time":"847.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"form"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"848.74","end_time":"849.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8803","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"849.44","end_time":"849.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"849.64","end_time":"849.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"849.76","end_time":"850.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"850.0","end_time":"850.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"850.13","end_time":"850.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"850.17","end_time":"850.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"850.55","end_time":"850.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"850.73","end_time":"850.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5758","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"850.93","end_time":"851.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8997","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.3","end_time":"851.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9128","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.44","end_time":"851.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.54","end_time":"851.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.71","end_time":"851.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.8","end_time":"852.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.02","end_time":"852.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.56","end_time":"852.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.68","end_time":"852.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.77","end_time":"853.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"853.03","end_time":"853.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"854.59","end_time":"855.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.774","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"855.16","end_time":"855.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.6","end_time":"855.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.65","end_time":"855.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.79","end_time":"855.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.91","end_time":"855.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.97","end_time":"856.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scare"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.28","end_time":"856.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.43","end_time":"856.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.55","end_time":"856.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.65","end_time":"856.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.9","end_time":"857.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7235","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.06","end_time":"857.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7533","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.24","end_time":"857.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"impress"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.74","end_time":"857.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"upon"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.99","end_time":"858.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"858.09","end_time":"858.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"858.19","end_time":"858.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seriousness"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"858.93","end_time":"859.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"859.36","end_time":"860.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"violations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"860.2","end_time":"860.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8037","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"860.7","end_time":"860.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"860.89","end_time":"861.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"861.04","end_time":"861.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fail"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"861.34","end_time":"861.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"861.43","end_time":"861.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"861.75","end_time":"861.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"861.91","end_time":"862.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.45","end_time":"862.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.73","end_time":"862.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.98","end_time":"863.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"863.44","end_time":"863.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"863.92","end_time":"864.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"violation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"865.08","end_time":"865.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"866.11","end_time":"866.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"866.52","end_time":"866.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"866.71","end_time":"867.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seriously"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"867.68","end_time":"867.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"867.99","end_time":"868.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"868.27","end_time":"868.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"868.89","end_time":"869.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"full"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.33","end_time":"869.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"details"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.76","end_time":"869.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.89","end_time":"869.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.97","end_time":"870.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8272","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.4","end_time":"870.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.94","end_time":"871.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"871.12","end_time":"871.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"871.47","end_time":"871.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"871.78","end_time":"871.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"871.91","end_time":"872.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6305","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.14","end_time":"872.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"872.32","end_time":"872.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.42","end_time":"872.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.65","end_time":"872.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.76","end_time":"872.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.85","end_time":"873.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"873.25","end_time":"873.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"873.48","end_time":"873.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"About"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"874.38","end_time":"874.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"874.67","end_time":"874.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"874.88","end_time":"875.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9337","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"880.74","end_time":"881.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"881.26","end_time":"881.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"881.37","end_time":"881.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"882.4","end_time":"882.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"Do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"882.49","end_time":"882.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"882.55","end_time":"882.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"882.69","end_time":"883.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"883.07","end_time":"883.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"883.11","end_time":"883.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"883.68","end_time":"884.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.21","end_time":"884.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"Googling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.96","end_time":"891.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9751","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"891.38","end_time":"891.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"891.55","end_time":"891.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"shouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"891.84","end_time":"892.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8595","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.1","end_time":"892.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6232","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.19","end_time":"892.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.78","end_time":"892.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.94","end_time":"893.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7213","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.13","end_time":"893.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.25","end_time":"893.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"894.4","end_time":"894.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.66","end_time":"894.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.76","end_time":"894.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.99","end_time":"895.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.16","end_time":"895.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.35","end_time":"895.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.66","end_time":"895.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"895.79","end_time":"896.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"896.05","end_time":"896.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.66","end_time":"896.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.91","end_time":"897.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"897.16","end_time":"897.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trouble"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"897.5","end_time":"898.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understanding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"898.19","end_time":"898.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"898.66","end_time":"899.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.48","end_time":"899.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.77","end_time":"899.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.84","end_time":"900.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"technique"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.36","end_time":"900.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.52","end_time":"900.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7363","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.65","end_time":"900.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.92","end_time":"901.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.21","end_time":"901.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.33","end_time":"901.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.41","end_time":"902.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"situation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.08","end_time":"902.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.32","end_time":"902.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"903.04","end_time":"903.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"903.24","end_time":"903.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.35","end_time":"903.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.44","end_time":"903.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.58","end_time":"903.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.9","end_time":"904.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"904.29","end_time":"904.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"904.98","end_time":"905.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.27","end_time":"905.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.61","end_time":"905.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.69","end_time":"905.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"stack"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.94","end_time":"906.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"overflow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"906.4","end_time":"906.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"906.55","end_time":"906.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"906.67","end_time":"907.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"encourage"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.0","end_time":"907.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.09","end_time":"907.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.17","end_time":"907.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.39","end_time":"907.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.57","end_time":"908.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"platform"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.17","end_time":"908.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.68","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"908.8","end_time":"909.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8238","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"909.3","end_time":"909.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"909.51","end_time":"909.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"909.9","end_time":"910.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.21","end_time":"910.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9329","content":"Taylor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.64","end_time":"910.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7457","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.75","end_time":"910.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.91","end_time":"911.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"911.03","end_time":"911.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"911.59","end_time":"911.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"911.96","end_time":"912.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"912.21","end_time":"912.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"912.33","end_time":"912.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"912.88","end_time":"913.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"913.22","end_time":"913.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"913.67","end_time":"913.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"913.78","end_time":"914.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.26","end_time":"914.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.39","end_time":"914.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6081","content":"Syntex"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.79","end_time":"914.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"914.91","end_time":"915.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8851","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"915.01","end_time":"915.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"915.28","end_time":"915.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"915.6","end_time":"916.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"widely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"916.03","end_time":"916.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"known"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"916.3","end_time":"916.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"916.66","end_time":"916.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"916.75","end_time":"916.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"916.91","end_time":"917.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"917.5","end_time":"917.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"917.69","end_time":"917.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"917.85","end_time":"918.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.0","end_time":"918.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.27","end_time":"918.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.51","end_time":"918.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.84","end_time":"919.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"919.02","end_time":"919.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"919.37","end_time":"919.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.07","end_time":"920.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.25","end_time":"920.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.68","end_time":"920.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"920.98","end_time":"921.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"921.07","end_time":"921.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7989","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"921.33","end_time":"921.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"921.44","end_time":"921.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8725","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"921.61","end_time":"921.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"921.72","end_time":"921.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"someone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"921.98","end_time":"922.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.04","end_time":"922.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.25","end_time":"922.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.35","end_time":"922.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"fix"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.64","end_time":"922.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"923.54","end_time":"923.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"924.08","end_time":"924.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"924.33","end_time":"924.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"926.14","end_time":"926.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"929.44","end_time":"929.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"929.95","end_time":"930.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"930.32","end_time":"930.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"930.47","end_time":"930.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"930.61","end_time":"930.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"930.87","end_time":"931.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.641","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"932.94","end_time":"933.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"933.14","end_time":"933.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"933.43","end_time":"933.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"933.72","end_time":"934.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"934.74","end_time":"934.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"934.95","end_time":"935.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"935.08","end_time":"935.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"935.14","end_time":"935.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"935.2","end_time":"935.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"935.33","end_time":"935.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"935.43","end_time":"935.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"936.0","end_time":"936.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"Let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"936.26","end_time":"936.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"941.24","end_time":"941.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"941.63","end_time":"941.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"941.8","end_time":"941.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"941.91","end_time":"942.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"942.01","end_time":"942.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6676","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"942.14","end_time":"942.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"942.35","end_time":"942.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"942.44","end_time":"943.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"identify"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"943.22","end_time":"943.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8984","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"943.54","end_time":"943.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"943.64","end_time":"944.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.07","end_time":"944.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.22","end_time":"944.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.35","end_time":"944.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"944.94","end_time":"945.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.1","end_time":"945.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.17","end_time":"945.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.37","end_time":"945.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"945.91","end_time":"946.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"946.1","end_time":"946.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"946.2","end_time":"946.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"946.4","end_time":"946.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"947.05","end_time":"947.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"947.35","end_time":"947.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"947.58","end_time":"947.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"947.79","end_time":"948.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"948.18","end_time":"948.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"948.3","end_time":"948.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"948.39","end_time":"948.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"948.58","end_time":"948.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"948.75","end_time":"948.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"948.94","end_time":"949.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"949.01","end_time":"949.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"949.5","end_time":"950.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"950.74","end_time":"951.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.28","end_time":"951.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.5","end_time":"951.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.59","end_time":"952.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"replicates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.1","end_time":"952.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.19","end_time":"952.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8315","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.69","end_time":"952.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.82","end_time":"953.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.02","end_time":"953.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.25","end_time":"953.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.41","end_time":"953.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.69","end_time":"953.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9783","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"953.83","end_time":"954.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.09","end_time":"954.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"954.71","end_time":"954.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.98","end_time":"955.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.27","end_time":"955.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.35","end_time":"955.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9377","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"955.61","end_time":"955.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.73","end_time":"955.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9539","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.91","end_time":"956.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2192","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"956.2","end_time":"956.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8871","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"956.45","end_time":"957.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"957.44","end_time":"957.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"958.74","end_time":"959.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"965.24","end_time":"965.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"965.6","end_time":"966.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"966.62","end_time":"967.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"967.31","end_time":"967.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"967.64","end_time":"967.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"967.97","end_time":"968.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.919","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"968.27","end_time":"968.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"968.85","end_time":"969.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"969.0","end_time":"969.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"969.41","end_time":"969.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"969.97","end_time":"970.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"970.27","end_time":"970.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"970.36","end_time":"970.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.2","end_time":"971.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.4","end_time":"971.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.51","end_time":"971.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.72","end_time":"971.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.81","end_time":"971.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.94","end_time":"972.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"972.38","end_time":"972.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.75","end_time":"973.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"11"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"973.69","end_time":"974.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"974.36","end_time":"974.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"974.49","end_time":"974.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9079","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"974.7","end_time":"974.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"974.8","end_time":"974.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9752","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"974.95","end_time":"975.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.04","end_time":"975.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.32","end_time":"975.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"976.3","end_time":"976.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"976.6","end_time":"976.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"976.7","end_time":"976.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"976.91","end_time":"977.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"977.18","end_time":"977.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"definitely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"977.86","end_time":"978.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.02","end_time":"978.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9692","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.2","end_time":"978.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9585","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.38","end_time":"978.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6253","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.44","end_time":"978.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7069","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.58","end_time":"978.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.93","end_time":"979.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"979.35","end_time":"979.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.61","end_time":"979.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.73","end_time":"979.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.99","end_time":"980.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cases"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"980.82","end_time":"981.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assuming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.56","end_time":"981.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9632","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.71","end_time":"981.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8967","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.82","end_time":"982.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collaboration"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"982.39","end_time":"982.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"982.49","end_time":"982.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"982.72","end_time":"983.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"983.43","end_time":"983.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"983.64","end_time":"983.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"983.75","end_time":"984.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"984.0","end_time":"984.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"984.17","end_time":"984.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9873","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"984.32","end_time":"984.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"984.42","end_time":"984.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"984.64","end_time":"984.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"984.8","end_time":"985.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9456","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"985.44","end_time":"985.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9621","content":"Mention"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"985.84","end_time":"985.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6334","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"985.92","end_time":"986.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"988.74","end_time":"988.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3185","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"988.78","end_time":"989.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.35","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"989.13","end_time":"989.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8753","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"991.84","end_time":"992.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6831","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"992.14","end_time":"992.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"992.4","end_time":"992.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9158","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"992.79","end_time":"993.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"system"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.12","end_time":"993.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.21","end_time":"993.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.32","end_time":"993.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.71","end_time":"994.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"994.06","end_time":"994.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"994.72","end_time":"995.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"995.01","end_time":"995.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"995.17","end_time":"995.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"995.42","end_time":"995.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"995.8","end_time":"996.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5221","content":"Two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"996.07","end_time":"996.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submissions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"996.69","end_time":"997.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"997.07","end_time":"997.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"997.34","end_time":"997.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.56","end_time":"997.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.63","end_time":"997.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.8","end_time":"997.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.95","end_time":"998.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"998.1","end_time":"998.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"998.34","end_time":"998.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"998.51","end_time":"999.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"otherwise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1004.5","end_time":"1004.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1004.69","end_time":"1004.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1005.1","end_time":"1005.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1005.32","end_time":"1005.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1005.69","end_time":"1006.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1006.64","end_time":"1006.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1006.91","end_time":"1007.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1007.06","end_time":"1007.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1007.33","end_time":"1007.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9722","content":"lectures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1007.68","end_time":"1007.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1007.79","end_time":"1007.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1007.93","end_time":"1008.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1008.26","end_time":"1008.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1008.36","end_time":"1008.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1008.5","end_time":"1008.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"running"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1008.77","end_time":"1008.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8225","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1008.97","end_time":"1009.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1009.39","end_time":"1009.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1009.46","end_time":"1009.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7455","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1009.64","end_time":"1010.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7455","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1010.33","end_time":"1010.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1010.8","end_time":"1010.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1010.96","end_time":"1011.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8075","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.08","end_time":"1011.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.27","end_time":"1011.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.59","end_time":"1011.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"points"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1011.96","end_time":"1012.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1012.11","end_time":"1012.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1012.26","end_time":"1012.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1012.74","end_time":"1013.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1014.01","end_time":"1014.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.22","end_time":"1014.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.35","end_time":"1014.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.67","end_time":"1014.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.94","end_time":"1015.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.3","end_time":"1015.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.4","end_time":"1015.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.91","end_time":"1016.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.09","end_time":"1016.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.25","end_time":"1016.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.44","end_time":"1017.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1017.43","end_time":"1017.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1017.73","end_time":"1018.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.32","end_time":"1018.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.71","end_time":"1018.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9592","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.95","end_time":"1019.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.17","end_time":"1019.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"distinguish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.69","end_time":"1019.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.98","end_time":"1020.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8868","content":"who's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.18","end_time":"1020.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.32","end_time":"1020.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.49","end_time":"1020.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.78","end_time":"1020.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1020.88","end_time":"1021.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9619","content":"who's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.06","end_time":"1021.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.17","end_time":"1021.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.25","end_time":"1021.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.51","end_time":"1021.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1021.79","end_time":"1021.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1021.94","end_time":"1022.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.03","end_time":"1022.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.15","end_time":"1022.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"friend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.41","end_time":"1022.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.5","end_time":"1022.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.6","end_time":"1022.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.73","end_time":"1022.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.9","end_time":"1023.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.21","end_time":"1023.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.28","end_time":"1023.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.42","end_time":"1023.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1023.69","end_time":"1023.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.77","end_time":"1023.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8197","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.89","end_time":"1024.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1024.1","end_time":"1024.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1024.19","end_time":"1024.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8574","content":"cover"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1025.44","end_time":"1025.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.56","end_time":"1025.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.66","end_time":"1025.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.78","end_time":"1026.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1027.19","end_time":"1027.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7842","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1027.77","end_time":"1028.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1031.11","end_time":"1031.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.33","end_time":"1031.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8048","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.48","end_time":"1031.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.67","end_time":"1032.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1032.21","end_time":"1032.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1032.32","end_time":"1032.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1032.47","end_time":"1032.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1032.98","end_time":"1033.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1034.14","end_time":"1034.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.39","end_time":"1034.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7038","content":"West"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1037.34","end_time":"1037.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5562","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1038.15","end_time":"1038.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1038.29","end_time":"1038.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1038.35","end_time":"1038.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1038.5","end_time":"1038.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1038.78","end_time":"1038.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1038.9","end_time":"1039.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1039.01","end_time":"1039.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8458","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1044.33","end_time":"1044.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1044.63","end_time":"1044.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9639","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1044.82","end_time":"1045.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9591","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1045.04","end_time":"1045.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1045.24","end_time":"1045.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1045.42","end_time":"1045.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1045.61","end_time":"1046.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"detailed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1046.28","end_time":"1046.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5601","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1047.54","end_time":"1048.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"descriptions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.22","end_time":"1048.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1048.35","end_time":"1048.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.57","end_time":"1048.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.83","end_time":"1049.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1049.17","end_time":"1049.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1049.3","end_time":"1049.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.668","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1049.5","end_time":"1049.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1049.74","end_time":"1050.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9669","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1053.32","end_time":"1053.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1053.61","end_time":"1053.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1053.7","end_time":"1053.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4846","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1053.99","end_time":"1054.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4844","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.16","end_time":"1054.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.28","end_time":"1054.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.43","end_time":"1054.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6173","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.8","end_time":"1055.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9107","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1056.14","end_time":"1056.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.26","end_time":"1056.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9652","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.61","end_time":"1056.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9357","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.83","end_time":"1056.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1056.99","end_time":"1057.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9089","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1058.79","end_time":"1059.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.05","end_time":"1059.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.38","end_time":"1059.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.79","end_time":"1059.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.89","end_time":"1060.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.04","end_time":"1060.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.16","end_time":"1060.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.35","end_time":"1060.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.44","end_time":"1061.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1061.14","end_time":"1061.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1061.34","end_time":"1061.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1061.47","end_time":"1062.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"helpful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.07","end_time":"1062.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.3","end_time":"1062.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.49","end_time":"1062.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.57","end_time":"1062.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7678","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.98","end_time":"1063.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.12","end_time":"1063.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"reinforce"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.64","end_time":"1063.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.73","end_time":"1063.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7892","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.83","end_time":"1064.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1064.07","end_time":"1064.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1064.14","end_time":"1064.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1064.44","end_time":"1064.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1064.59","end_time":"1065.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.04","end_time":"1065.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.26","end_time":"1065.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.35","end_time":"1065.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.47","end_time":"1065.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.57","end_time":"1065.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.94","end_time":"1066.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1066.03","end_time":"1066.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1066.2","end_time":"1066.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1066.28","end_time":"1066.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1067.06","end_time":"1067.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.28","end_time":"1067.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.49","end_time":"1067.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.65","end_time":"1067.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.72","end_time":"1067.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.83","end_time":"1067.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.9","end_time":"1068.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.19","end_time":"1068.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.31","end_time":"1068.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.5","end_time":"1068.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.59","end_time":"1069.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1069.94","end_time":"1070.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1070.26","end_time":"1070.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1070.44","end_time":"1070.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1070.7","end_time":"1070.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1070.85","end_time":"1071.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1071.14","end_time":"1071.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.37","end_time":"1071.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.49","end_time":"1071.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.75","end_time":"1072.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1072.8","end_time":"1073.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7781","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1073.27","end_time":"1073.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1073.68","end_time":"1073.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1073.81","end_time":"1073.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1073.92","end_time":"1074.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1074.11","end_time":"1074.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1074.44","end_time":"1074.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5959","content":"coming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1074.71","end_time":"1074.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.43","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1074.77","end_time":"1075.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"classic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1075.24","end_time":"1075.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8299","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1075.58","end_time":"1076.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prime"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.03","end_time":"1076.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9232","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.38","end_time":"1076.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9077","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.59","end_time":"1076.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.9","end_time":"1077.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.44","end_time":"1077.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.57","end_time":"1077.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.69","end_time":"1078.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.03","end_time":"1078.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7176","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.13","end_time":"1078.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.9","end_time":"1079.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1079.27","end_time":"1079.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1079.56","end_time":"1079.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1079.81","end_time":"1080.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.04","end_time":"1080.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9381","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.13","end_time":"1080.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.26","end_time":"1080.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.43","end_time":"1080.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.58","end_time":"1080.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.65","end_time":"1080.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1080.94","end_time":"1081.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"coming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.17","end_time":"1081.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.23","end_time":"1081.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1081.65","end_time":"1081.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6018","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.85","end_time":"1082.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9748","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1082.16","end_time":"1082.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1082.44","end_time":"1082.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7586","content":"boring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1082.73","end_time":"1082.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6073","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1082.94","end_time":"1083.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.03","end_time":"1083.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.39","end_time":"1083.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.57","end_time":"1083.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.88","end_time":"1083.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.96","end_time":"1084.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.04","end_time":"1084.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1084.67","end_time":"1084.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9583","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1084.92","end_time":"1085.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1085.45","end_time":"1085.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"lectures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1085.93","end_time":"1086.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1086.15","end_time":"1086.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"follow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1086.48","end_time":"1086.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1086.68","end_time":"1087.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"closely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1087.07","end_time":"1087.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1087.19","end_time":"1087.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1087.29","end_time":"1087.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1088.74","end_time":"1089.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1090.81","end_time":"1091.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9724","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1091.13","end_time":"1091.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1091.31","end_time":"1091.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1091.63","end_time":"1091.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1091.74","end_time":"1091.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1091.83","end_time":"1092.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"side"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1092.33","end_time":"1092.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1092.81","end_time":"1093.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.22","end_time":"1093.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.61","end_time":"1093.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.82","end_time":"1093.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.91","end_time":"1094.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.02","end_time":"1094.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"layout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.45","end_time":"1094.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.58","end_time":"1094.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.67","end_time":"1095.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1096.44","end_time":"1097.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1097.24","end_time":"1097.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1097.51","end_time":"1097.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"favorite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1097.93","end_time":"1098.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1099.34","end_time":"1099.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1099.49","end_time":"1099.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1099.65","end_time":"1100.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9462","content":"button"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1100.07","end_time":"1100.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1100.43","end_time":"1101.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Interact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1102.34","end_time":"1102.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1102.69","end_time":"1103.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"brings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.07","end_time":"1103.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.22","end_time":"1103.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.38","end_time":"1103.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.38","end_time":"1105.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.57","end_time":"1105.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.85","end_time":"1105.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.95","end_time":"1106.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"environment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.77","end_time":"1107.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.07","end_time":"1107.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.2","end_time":"1107.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.63","end_time":"1108.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8622","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1108.48","end_time":"1108.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1108.65","end_time":"1108.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"mess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1108.86","end_time":"1109.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1109.12","end_time":"1109.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1109.25","end_time":"1109.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1109.34","end_time":"1109.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1109.66","end_time":"1109.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1109.85","end_time":"1110.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"included"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.29","end_time":"1110.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.38","end_time":"1110.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1110.46","end_time":"1110.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1111.52","end_time":"1111.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7526","content":"soup"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1111.85","end_time":"1111.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8461","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1111.98","end_time":"1112.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.23","end_time":"1112.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.43","end_time":"1113.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4652","content":"changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1113.13","end_time":"1113.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5514","content":"Changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.58","end_time":"1113.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.65","end_time":"1113.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.91","end_time":"1113.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.98","end_time":"1114.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1114.05","end_time":"1114.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8083","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1114.53","end_time":"1114.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1114.66","end_time":"1114.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1114.81","end_time":"1114.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1114.95","end_time":"1115.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.23","end_time":"1115.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.38","end_time":"1115.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.48","end_time":"1115.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"turned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.71","end_time":"1115.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.84","end_time":"1116.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"differently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.74","end_time":"1116.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.96","end_time":"1117.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1117.08","end_time":"1117.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1117.64","end_time":"1117.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9531","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1117.9","end_time":"1118.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4847","content":"jeez"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1119.04","end_time":"1119.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9573","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1120.24","end_time":"1120.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1120.53","end_time":"1120.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1120.73","end_time":"1121.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1125.4","end_time":"1125.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1125.78","end_time":"1126.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hopefully"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1126.32","end_time":"1126.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1126.42","end_time":"1126.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1126.7","end_time":"1127.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1127.42","end_time":"1127.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9707","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1128.69","end_time":"1128.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1128.97","end_time":"1129.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7858","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.19","end_time":"1129.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.27","end_time":"1129.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6622","content":"clicked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.57","end_time":"1129.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.73","end_time":"1129.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.87","end_time":"1130.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1130.0","end_time":"1130.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1130.29","end_time":"1130.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1130.47","end_time":"1130.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1130.92","end_time":"1131.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9781","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.14","end_time":"1131.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.27","end_time":"1131.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.59","end_time":"1131.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1132.19","end_time":"1132.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9224","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1133.14","end_time":"1133.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1133.57","end_time":"1133.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1133.83","end_time":"1133.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1133.93","end_time":"1134.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1134.24","end_time":"1134.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1134.56","end_time":"1134.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1134.88","end_time":"1135.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1135.03","end_time":"1135.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1135.15","end_time":"1135.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1135.26","end_time":"1135.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1135.34","end_time":"1135.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9538","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1135.98","end_time":"1136.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1136.16","end_time":"1136.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1136.28","end_time":"1136.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1136.79","end_time":"1137.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1140.96","end_time":"1141.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9247","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1141.2","end_time":"1141.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9627","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.29","end_time":"1141.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.36","end_time":"1141.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.51","end_time":"1141.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.63","end_time":"1141.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.71","end_time":"1141.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"buy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.89","end_time":"1142.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1142.31","end_time":"1142.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1142.48","end_time":"1142.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1142.67","end_time":"1142.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1142.92","end_time":"1143.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.12","end_time":"1143.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.2","end_time":"1143.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.6","end_time":"1143.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.79","end_time":"1143.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.88","end_time":"1144.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.13","end_time":"1144.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.31","end_time":"1144.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.38","end_time":"1144.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.53","end_time":"1144.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.6","end_time":"1145.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"purchase"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.69","end_time":"1146.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.14","end_time":"1147.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6437","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.38","end_time":"1147.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6533","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1151.2","end_time":"1151.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1151.74","end_time":"1152.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1152.72","end_time":"1152.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1152.87","end_time":"1153.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1153.15","end_time":"1153.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1153.27","end_time":"1153.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1153.36","end_time":"1153.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"download"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1153.75","end_time":"1154.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.12","end_time":"1154.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.31","end_time":"1154.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.43","end_time":"1154.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1154.72","end_time":"1155.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5796","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1155.24","end_time":"1155.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1155.54","end_time":"1155.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1155.68","end_time":"1156.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.03","end_time":"1156.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.15","end_time":"1156.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1156.26","end_time":"1156.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Locally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1156.86","end_time":"1157.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1157.02","end_time":"1157.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6537","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1157.15","end_time":"1157.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1157.37","end_time":"1157.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1158.13","end_time":"1158.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1158.45","end_time":"1158.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1158.6","end_time":"1158.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1158.8","end_time":"1159.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"required"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1160.14","end_time":"1160.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.73","end_time":"1160.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.85","end_time":"1160.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.93","end_time":"1161.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.08","end_time":"1161.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.35","end_time":"1161.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.49","end_time":"1161.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1161.67","end_time":"1162.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9666","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1163.6","end_time":"1163.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1163.75","end_time":"1164.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5905","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.13","end_time":"1165.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.65","end_time":"1165.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"hub"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.94","end_time":"1166.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9496","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.04","end_time":"1166.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.39","end_time":"1166.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hub"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.91","end_time":"1167.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.1","end_time":"1167.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.29","end_time":"1167.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"web"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.67","end_time":"1168.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1168.31","end_time":"1168.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1168.81","end_time":"1169.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"environment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.38","end_time":"1169.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.5","end_time":"1169.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.62","end_time":"1169.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6589","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.79","end_time":"1170.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.02","end_time":"1170.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.14","end_time":"1170.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.31","end_time":"1170.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1170.64","end_time":"1170.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.78","end_time":"1170.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.97","end_time":"1171.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.14","end_time":"1171.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.41","end_time":"1171.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.6","end_time":"1171.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.75","end_time":"1172.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"managed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.25","end_time":"1172.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.41","end_time":"1172.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.98","end_time":"1173.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"technology"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1173.66","end_time":"1174.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"service"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.04","end_time":"1174.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9759","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.64","end_time":"1174.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.89","end_time":"1175.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1176.14","end_time":"1176.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1177.91","end_time":"1178.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1178.11","end_time":"1178.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1178.39","end_time":"1178.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1178.54","end_time":"1179.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1179.04","end_time":"1179.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"handle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1179.49","end_time":"1179.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1179.6","end_time":"1180.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"technology"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1180.27","end_time":"1180.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"side"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1180.56","end_time":"1180.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1180.67","end_time":"1180.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1180.96","end_time":"1181.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1181.06","end_time":"1181.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1181.15","end_time":"1181.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1181.27","end_time":"1181.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1181.8","end_time":"1182.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1182.06","end_time":"1182.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1182.72","end_time":"1183.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"issues"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1183.66","end_time":"1183.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7984","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1183.88","end_time":"1183.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1183.94","end_time":"1184.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.12","end_time":"1184.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.22","end_time":"1184.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.56","end_time":"1184.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9793","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.63","end_time":"1185.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ticket"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1185.05","end_time":"1185.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1185.21","end_time":"1185.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1185.33","end_time":"1185.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"request"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1185.73","end_time":"1186.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1186.25","end_time":"1186.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1186.6","end_time":"1187.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"request"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1187.45","end_time":"1187.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1187.93","end_time":"1188.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1188.19","end_time":"1188.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1188.35","end_time":"1188.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1188.74","end_time":"1189.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"issues"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1189.09","end_time":"1189.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1189.25","end_time":"1189.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1189.36","end_time":"1189.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"encounter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1189.83","end_time":"1189.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5815","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1189.92","end_time":"1190.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1190.5","end_time":"1190.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1190.71","end_time":"1190.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1190.91","end_time":"1191.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1191.29","end_time":"1191.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"fixes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1192.22","end_time":"1192.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1192.36","end_time":"1192.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1192.8","end_time":"1192.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1192.94","end_time":"1193.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"frequently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1193.47","end_time":"1193.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1193.74","end_time":"1194.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.04","end_time":"1196.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"document"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.65","end_time":"1197.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1198.64","end_time":"1199.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1199.69","end_time":"1199.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1199.99","end_time":"1200.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quarter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1200.42","end_time":"1200.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9463","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1200.61","end_time":"1200.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1200.73","end_time":"1200.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1200.99","end_time":"1201.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1201.18","end_time":"1201.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1201.29","end_time":"1201.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1201.82","end_time":"1202.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1202.01","end_time":"1202.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.13","end_time":"1202.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7247","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.19","end_time":"1202.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.38","end_time":"1202.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1203.2","end_time":"1203.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1203.38","end_time":"1203.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1203.5","end_time":"1203.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1203.66","end_time":"1203.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1203.74","end_time":"1203.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1203.93","end_time":"1204.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.24","end_time":"1204.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.41","end_time":"1204.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.52","end_time":"1204.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.86","end_time":"1205.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1205.13","end_time":"1205.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1205.29","end_time":"1205.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1205.42","end_time":"1205.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1205.86","end_time":"1206.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1206.03","end_time":"1206.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1207.01","end_time":"1207.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.19","end_time":"1207.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.29","end_time":"1207.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5234","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.6","end_time":"1207.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.511","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.66","end_time":"1207.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.85","end_time":"1207.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.97","end_time":"1208.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.28","end_time":"1208.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1208.7","end_time":"1208.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.86","end_time":"1209.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"free"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1209.06","end_time":"1209.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1209.12","end_time":"1209.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1209.43","end_time":"1209.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1209.57","end_time":"1209.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.13","end_time":"1210.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.4","end_time":"1210.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.47","end_time":"1210.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.73","end_time":"1210.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.0","end_time":"1211.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.1","end_time":"1211.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.25","end_time":"1211.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.31","end_time":"1211.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.56","end_time":"1211.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.84","end_time":"1212.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1212.49","end_time":"1212.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1212.79","end_time":"1213.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1213.14","end_time":"1213.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8138","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1213.23","end_time":"1213.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"System"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1213.62","end_time":"1213.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3721","content":"Tau"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1213.76","end_time":"1214.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1214.07","end_time":"1214.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1214.18","end_time":"1214.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9282","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1214.48","end_time":"1214.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8893","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1215.31","end_time":"1215.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.44","end_time":"1215.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.66","end_time":"1216.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1216.06","end_time":"1216.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.31","end_time":"1217.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9384","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.51","end_time":"1217.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9384","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.6","end_time":"1217.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8872","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.77","end_time":"1218.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.532","content":"d'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1218.32","end_time":"1218.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1218.46","end_time":"1218.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1218.66","end_time":"1218.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1218.76","end_time":"1219.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fix"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1219.05","end_time":"1219.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1219.64","end_time":"1219.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1219.86","end_time":"1219.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1219.99","end_time":"1220.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1220.21","end_time":"1220.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instructions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1220.81","end_time":"1221.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.08","end_time":"1221.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.19","end_time":"1221.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.31","end_time":"1221.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.52","end_time":"1221.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.78","end_time":"1222.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.761","content":"trouble"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.15","end_time":"1222.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5396","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.28","end_time":"1222.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5942","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.31","end_time":"1222.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.46","end_time":"1222.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.53","end_time":"1222.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"snow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.91","end_time":"1223.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.476","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.03","end_time":"1223.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1226.44","end_time":"1227.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.48","end_time":"1228.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.7","end_time":"1229.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5604","content":"system's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.07","end_time":"1229.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.29","end_time":"1229.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.65","end_time":"1229.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8162","content":"Hubby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1229.89","end_time":"1229.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.96","end_time":"1230.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1230.16","end_time":"1230.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1230.28","end_time":"1230.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1230.61","end_time":"1230.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1230.71","end_time":"1230.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1230.89","end_time":"1231.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1231.21","end_time":"1231.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1231.47","end_time":"1232.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1232.12","end_time":"1232.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3474","content":"Dottie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1232.48","end_time":"1232.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4065","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1232.62","end_time":"1232.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.558","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1232.92","end_time":"1233.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6943","content":"email"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1233.32","end_time":"1233.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1234.21","end_time":"1234.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1234.43","end_time":"1234.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1234.73","end_time":"1235.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.33","end_time":"1235.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.54","end_time":"1235.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.62","end_time":"1236.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"extension"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1236.13","end_time":"1236.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"student"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1236.68","end_time":"1236.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8496","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1236.95","end_time":"1237.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"visiting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1237.39","end_time":"1237.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"student"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1237.72","end_time":"1237.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1237.81","end_time":"1238.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1238.49","end_time":"1238.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8884","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1238.57","end_time":"1238.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1238.69","end_time":"1238.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1238.91","end_time":"1239.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.19","end_time":"1239.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5467","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.62","end_time":"1239.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7494","content":"user"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.89","end_time":"1240.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.763","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1240.22","end_time":"1240.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1240.34","end_time":"1240.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1240.53","end_time":"1240.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1240.65","end_time":"1240.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1240.74","end_time":"1240.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1240.98","end_time":"1241.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1241.11","end_time":"1241.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1242.44","end_time":"1242.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9405","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1242.82","end_time":"1243.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1243.08","end_time":"1243.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1243.47","end_time":"1243.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7729","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1243.76","end_time":"1244.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8631","content":"canvas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1244.26","end_time":"1244.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1244.43","end_time":"1244.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1244.52","end_time":"1245.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1246.89","end_time":"1247.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7582","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1247.7","end_time":"1247.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1247.89","end_time":"1248.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.07","end_time":"1248.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.26","end_time":"1248.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"system"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.77","end_time":"1249.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1249.06","end_time":"1249.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8362","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1249.17","end_time":"1249.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adopting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1250.25","end_time":"1250.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1250.72","end_time":"1251.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8699","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1252.12","end_time":"1252.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1252.35","end_time":"1252.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1252.59","end_time":"1252.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1252.81","end_time":"1253.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1253.3","end_time":"1253.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1253.76","end_time":"1254.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"management"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1254.31","end_time":"1254.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9527","content":"platform"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1254.92","end_time":"1255.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.1","end_time":"1255.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.19","end_time":"1255.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9045","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.31","end_time":"1255.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9045","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.38","end_time":"1255.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.56","end_time":"1255.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.65","end_time":"1256.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.2","end_time":"1256.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9441","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1256.97","end_time":"1257.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.02","end_time":"1258.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.15","end_time":"1258.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.31","end_time":"1258.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.63","end_time":"1258.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.8","end_time":"1259.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"automatically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.39","end_time":"1259.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"added"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.72","end_time":"1259.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.85","end_time":"1259.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.97","end_time":"1260.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"enroll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1260.28","end_time":"1260.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1260.35","end_time":"1260.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1260.41","end_time":"1260.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1261.34","end_time":"1261.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1261.54","end_time":"1261.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1261.9","end_time":"1262.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1262.23","end_time":"1262.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4546","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1262.41","end_time":"1262.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7882","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1262.72","end_time":"1263.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"scores"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1263.16","end_time":"1263.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9281","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1264.74","end_time":"1265.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8188","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.04","end_time":"1265.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"scope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.41","end_time":"1265.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1265.59","end_time":"1266.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9304","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1266.14","end_time":"1266.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8515","content":"grading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1266.68","end_time":"1267.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9694","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1267.2","end_time":"1267.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1267.84","end_time":"1268.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.13","end_time":"1268.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.36","end_time":"1268.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.49","end_time":"1268.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.6","end_time":"1268.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6582","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.91","end_time":"1269.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6028","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1269.05","end_time":"1269.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1269.8","end_time":"1269.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1269.97","end_time":"1270.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.25","end_time":"1270.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.6","end_time":"1270.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9288","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.98","end_time":"1271.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.18","end_time":"1271.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"grades"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.57","end_time":"1271.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6394","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1272.3","end_time":"1272.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1272.49","end_time":"1272.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1272.71","end_time":"1272.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1272.92","end_time":"1273.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.07","end_time":"1273.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.25","end_time":"1273.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5913","content":"rich"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.48","end_time":"1273.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.78","end_time":"1274.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"portions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.46","end_time":"1274.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.6","end_time":"1275.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.22","end_time":"1276.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7046","content":"piazzas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1276.76","end_time":"1276.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.87","end_time":"1277.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8317","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1277.23","end_time":"1277.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1277.75","end_time":"1278.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"forum"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1278.87","end_time":"1279.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1279.03","end_time":"1279.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3775","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1279.12","end_time":"1279.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1279.69","end_time":"1279.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1279.81","end_time":"1279.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1279.99","end_time":"1280.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1280.28","end_time":"1280.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1280.73","end_time":"1281.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"publicly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1281.74","end_time":"1281.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1281.87","end_time":"1282.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1282.02","end_time":"1282.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"peers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1282.98","end_time":"1283.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1283.4","end_time":"1283.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1283.57","end_time":"1284.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instructional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.07","end_time":"1284.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"staff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.34","end_time":"1284.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9643","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.44","end_time":"1284.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8487","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.56","end_time":"1284.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.9","end_time":"1285.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1285.02","end_time":"1285.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1285.18","end_time":"1285.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1285.27","end_time":"1285.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1285.41","end_time":"1285.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"send"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1285.66","end_time":"1286.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"private"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1286.03","end_time":"1286.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"messages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1287.24","end_time":"1287.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1291.8","end_time":"1292.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"sorry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1292.46","end_time":"1292.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7221","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1295.84","end_time":"1296.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1296.16","end_time":"1296.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1296.38","end_time":"1296.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6998","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1296.67","end_time":"1297.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1297.84","end_time":"1298.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1298.02","end_time":"1298.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1298.63","end_time":"1298.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1298.9","end_time":"1299.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1299.01","end_time":"1299.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1300.5","end_time":"1300.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.74","end_time":"1300.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.85","end_time":"1300.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.91","end_time":"1301.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1301.0","end_time":"1301.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"f"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1301.27","end_time":"1301.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8831","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1301.37","end_time":"1301.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7978","content":"Q"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1301.68","end_time":"1302.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1302.7","end_time":"1303.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.04","end_time":"1303.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.19","end_time":"1303.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.47","end_time":"1303.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.89","end_time":"1304.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1304.2","end_time":"1304.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.18","end_time":"1305.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.32","end_time":"1305.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.526","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.56","end_time":"1305.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5156","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1305.75","end_time":"1305.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.88","end_time":"1305.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.94","end_time":"1306.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1306.04","end_time":"1306.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chances"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1306.55","end_time":"1306.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1306.66","end_time":"1306.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1306.96","end_time":"1307.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1307.14","end_time":"1307.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1307.25","end_time":"1307.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1307.49","end_time":"1308.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1308.08","end_time":"1308.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1308.7","end_time":"1309.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9464","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1309.73","end_time":"1309.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1309.93","end_time":"1310.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.08","end_time":"1310.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.17","end_time":"1310.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.36","end_time":"1310.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1310.59","end_time":"1310.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5138","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.71","end_time":"1310.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.95","end_time":"1311.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8525","content":"enrolled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1311.36","end_time":"1311.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1311.72","end_time":"1311.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1311.83","end_time":"1311.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1311.96","end_time":"1312.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1312.1","end_time":"1312.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1312.18","end_time":"1312.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9503","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1312.42","end_time":"1312.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9503","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1312.68","end_time":"1312.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1312.77","end_time":"1312.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1312.94","end_time":"1313.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1313.09","end_time":"1313.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1313.3","end_time":"1313.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1313.38","end_time":"1313.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8371","content":"manage"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1313.8","end_time":"1313.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1313.94","end_time":"1314.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4936","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1314.28","end_time":"1314.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4936","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1314.72","end_time":"1314.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1314.87","end_time":"1315.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.1","end_time":"1315.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.34","end_time":"1315.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.68","end_time":"1316.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9831","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1316.07","end_time":"1316.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1316.31","end_time":"1316.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1316.63","end_time":"1317.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"incoming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.17","end_time":"1317.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7247","content":"majors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.62","end_time":"1317.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.79","end_time":"1317.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.91","end_time":"1318.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1318.43","end_time":"1318.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1318.81","end_time":"1319.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.07","end_time":"1319.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.2","end_time":"1319.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.38","end_time":"1319.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.57","end_time":"1319.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1319.72","end_time":"1320.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"priority"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1320.98","end_time":"1321.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1321.49","end_time":"1321.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1321.68","end_time":"1321.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1321.85","end_time":"1322.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1322.05","end_time":"1322.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1322.15","end_time":"1322.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1322.23","end_time":"1322.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1322.95","end_time":"1323.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1323.22","end_time":"1323.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1323.34","end_time":"1324.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gradually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1324.05","end_time":"1324.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1324.69","end_time":"1324.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1324.88","end_time":"1325.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1325.49","end_time":"1325.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1325.85","end_time":"1326.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weightless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1326.29","end_time":"1326.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9607","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1326.86","end_time":"1326.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5087","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1326.97","end_time":"1327.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1327.3","end_time":"1327.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1327.46","end_time":"1327.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1327.64","end_time":"1327.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1327.72","end_time":"1327.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7022","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1327.97","end_time":"1328.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4849","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.12","end_time":"1328.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.36","end_time":"1328.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.45","end_time":"1328.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.6","end_time":"1328.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.66","end_time":"1328.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8494","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.75","end_time":"1328.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.82","end_time":"1328.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1328.89","end_time":"1329.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8067","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1329.04","end_time":"1329.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8067","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1329.2","end_time":"1329.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1329.35","end_time":"1329.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1330.91","end_time":"1331.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8064","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1331.16","end_time":"1331.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.39","end_time":"1331.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.53","end_time":"1331.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.68","end_time":"1331.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.78","end_time":"1332.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comforting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1332.27","end_time":"1332.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1332.45","end_time":"1332.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1332.52","end_time":"1332.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1332.83","end_time":"1332.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1332.97","end_time":"1333.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.14","end_time":"1333.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.27","end_time":"1333.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.54","end_time":"1333.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.63","end_time":"1333.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.7","end_time":"1333.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.89","end_time":"1334.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1334.3","end_time":"1334.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1334.53","end_time":"1334.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1334.59","end_time":"1334.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1334.84","end_time":"1334.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1334.98","end_time":"1335.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.1","end_time":"1335.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.2","end_time":"1335.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.38","end_time":"1335.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7752","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.54","end_time":"1335.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.68","end_time":"1335.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.86","end_time":"1335.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1335.95","end_time":"1336.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1336.27","end_time":"1336.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.34","end_time":"1336.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.6","end_time":"1336.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.7","end_time":"1336.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.82","end_time":"1336.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.9","end_time":"1337.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9744","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.19","end_time":"1337.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9744","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.31","end_time":"1337.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"full"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1337.68","end_time":"1337.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.76","end_time":"1337.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1337.95","end_time":"1338.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.11","end_time":"1338.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.22","end_time":"1338.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.31","end_time":"1338.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.6","end_time":"1338.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.77","end_time":"1339.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"placed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.12","end_time":"1339.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.24","end_time":"1339.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8806","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.79","end_time":"1340.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1340.75","end_time":"1341.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1341.71","end_time":"1342.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1343.63","end_time":"1344.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9491","content":"instructors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1344.26","end_time":"1344.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1344.76","end_time":"1345.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"handle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.55","end_time":"1346.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8208","content":"enrollment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1346.88","end_time":"1347.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9159","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1347.26","end_time":"1347.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1347.5","end_time":"1348.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"quest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1348.02","end_time":"1348.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1348.35","end_time":"1348.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1348.53","end_time":"1348.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1348.76","end_time":"1349.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.16","end_time":"1349.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.42","end_time":"1349.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9575","content":"enrollment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.82","end_time":"1349.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8361","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.93","end_time":"1350.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.51","end_time":"1350.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.74","end_time":"1350.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.89","end_time":"1351.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9222","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1351.76","end_time":"1352.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8454","content":"DSC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1352.24","end_time":"1352.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"advising"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1352.79","end_time":"1352.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.608","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1352.93","end_time":"1353.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.03","end_time":"1353.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"person"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.5","end_time":"1353.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.73","end_time":"1353.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.81","end_time":"1354.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.09","end_time":"1354.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.17","end_time":"1354.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.43","end_time":"1354.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.51","end_time":"1354.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.6","end_time":"1354.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.83","end_time":"1355.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1355.48","end_time":"1355.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1355.97","end_time":"1356.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.09","end_time":"1356.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.2","end_time":"1356.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.33","end_time":"1356.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.5","end_time":"1356.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.6","end_time":"1356.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.83","end_time":"1357.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1357.39","end_time":"1357.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1357.53","end_time":"1357.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1357.68","end_time":"1357.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1357.99","end_time":"1358.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1358.44","end_time":"1358.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1358.67","end_time":"1358.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1358.76","end_time":"1359.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.12","end_time":"1359.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.28","end_time":"1359.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.39","end_time":"1359.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1360.42","end_time":"1360.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.62","end_time":"1360.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.72","end_time":"1361.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.0","end_time":"1361.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.24","end_time":"1361.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.36","end_time":"1361.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.57","end_time":"1361.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.68","end_time":"1361.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.84","end_time":"1361.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1361.95","end_time":"1362.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8122","content":"canvas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1362.38","end_time":"1362.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8936","content":"site"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1362.7","end_time":"1362.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1362.85","end_time":"1363.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.01","end_time":"1363.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8288","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.08","end_time":"1363.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8736","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.37","end_time":"1363.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.46","end_time":"1363.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1363.58","end_time":"1364.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8404","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1364.8","end_time":"1365.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1366.0","end_time":"1366.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1366.15","end_time":"1366.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1366.31","end_time":"1366.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"self"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1366.74","end_time":"1367.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8528","content":"enroll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.23","end_time":"1367.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.36","end_time":"1367.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.7","end_time":"1367.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6848","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.95","end_time":"1368.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6799","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.07","end_time":"1368.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.36","end_time":"1368.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.55","end_time":"1368.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"entry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.92","end_time":"1369.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1369.98","end_time":"1370.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8502","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1370.76","end_time":"1370.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1370.91","end_time":"1371.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1371.12","end_time":"1371.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1371.26","end_time":"1371.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1371.46","end_time":"1371.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1371.59","end_time":"1371.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1371.86","end_time":"1372.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8979","content":"log"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1372.18","end_time":"1372.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1372.4","end_time":"1372.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1372.71","end_time":"1373.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hub"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.0","end_time":"1373.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.12","end_time":"1373.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.59","end_time":"1374.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.03","end_time":"1374.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.33","end_time":"1374.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.53","end_time":"1374.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1375.27","end_time":"1375.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9202","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1375.8","end_time":"1375.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.92","end_time":"1376.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.2","end_time":"1376.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.29","end_time":"1376.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.41","end_time":"1376.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.57","end_time":"1376.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.65","end_time":"1376.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.86","end_time":"1377.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1377.14","end_time":"1377.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1377.21","end_time":"1377.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1377.55","end_time":"1377.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1377.73","end_time":"1378.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5548","content":"tow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1378.57","end_time":"1379.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.1","end_time":"1379.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.28","end_time":"1379.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.88","end_time":"1380.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.05","end_time":"1380.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.12","end_time":"1380.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.42","end_time":"1380.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"early"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1380.98","end_time":"1381.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.17","end_time":"1381.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.32","end_time":"1381.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9065","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.44","end_time":"1381.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9065","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.5","end_time":"1381.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.67","end_time":"1381.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.77","end_time":"1382.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.05","end_time":"1382.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.16","end_time":"1382.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.31","end_time":"1382.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tomorrow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.96","end_time":"1383.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.11","end_time":"1383.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.29","end_time":"1383.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.44","end_time":"1383.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.56","end_time":"1383.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.76","end_time":"1383.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.85","end_time":"1384.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1384.06","end_time":"1384.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1384.57","end_time":"1384.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1384.66","end_time":"1385.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.08","end_time":"1385.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.22","end_time":"1385.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Monday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.81","end_time":"1385.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.98","end_time":"1386.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.07","end_time":"1386.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.77","end_time":"1387.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.03","end_time":"1387.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9712","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.19","end_time":"1387.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.52","end_time":"1388.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1388.01","end_time":"1388.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1388.23","end_time":"1388.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"due"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1388.39","end_time":"1388.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"till"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.54","end_time":"1390.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Friday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1390.64","end_time":"1390.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1390.82","end_time":"1391.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1391.13","end_time":"1391.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1391.33","end_time":"1391.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1391.46","end_time":"1391.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1391.6","end_time":"1391.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1391.82","end_time":"1392.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1392.31","end_time":"1392.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1394.64","end_time":"1395.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1402.54","end_time":"1402.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1402.6","end_time":"1402.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1402.75","end_time":"1403.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1403.26","end_time":"1403.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1403.43","end_time":"1403.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1403.57","end_time":"1403.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1403.71","end_time":"1403.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1404.2","end_time":"1404.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1404.35","end_time":"1404.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1404.6","end_time":"1404.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1409.7","end_time":"1409.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1409.9","end_time":"1410.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1410.02","end_time":"1410.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1410.44","end_time":"1410.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1410.64","end_time":"1410.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1410.72","end_time":"1410.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1410.88","end_time":"1411.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"schedule"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1411.27","end_time":"1411.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1411.35","end_time":"1411.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1411.8","end_time":"1411.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1411.96","end_time":"1412.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4471","content":"Webb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1412.14","end_time":"1412.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6157","content":"Bridge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1416.18","end_time":"1416.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1416.43","end_time":"1416.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1416.55","end_time":"1416.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1416.63","end_time":"1416.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1416.89","end_time":"1417.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enrolled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1417.33","end_time":"1417.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1417.46","end_time":"1417.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1417.67","end_time":"1418.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1421.44","end_time":"1421.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4653","content":"Wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1424.64","end_time":"1425.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1425.11","end_time":"1425.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1425.35","end_time":"1425.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.4","end_time":"1425.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.56","end_time":"1425.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.68","end_time":"1425.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.82","end_time":"1426.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1426.17","end_time":"1426.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9287","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1426.38","end_time":"1426.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1426.49","end_time":"1426.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1426.65","end_time":"1426.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1426.83","end_time":"1427.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.17","end_time":"1427.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enrolled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1427.75","end_time":"1427.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7432","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.91","end_time":"1428.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7432","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1428.12","end_time":"1428.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1428.42","end_time":"1428.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1428.66","end_time":"1428.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1428.91","end_time":"1429.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1429.06","end_time":"1429.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1429.25","end_time":"1429.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1431.38","end_time":"1431.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1433.3","end_time":"1433.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1433.52","end_time":"1433.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1433.69","end_time":"1433.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1433.91","end_time":"1434.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1434.18","end_time":"1434.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1434.43","end_time":"1435.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1435.29","end_time":"1435.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"60"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1435.68","end_time":"1435.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1435.94","end_time":"1436.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.09","end_time":"1436.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.16","end_time":"1436.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.34","end_time":"1436.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.57","end_time":"1436.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.77","end_time":"1437.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"60"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1437.09","end_time":"1437.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1437.42","end_time":"1437.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enrolled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1439.03","end_time":"1439.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1439.22","end_time":"1439.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1439.48","end_time":"1439.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1443.62","end_time":"1444.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1444.2","end_time":"1444.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.49","end_time":"1444.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.88","end_time":"1445.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.02","end_time":"1445.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.31","end_time":"1445.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.51","end_time":"1445.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.75","end_time":"1446.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.07","end_time":"1446.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.22","end_time":"1446.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.3","end_time":"1446.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8685","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.49","end_time":"1446.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8685","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.72","end_time":"1446.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1446.86","end_time":"1447.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1447.03","end_time":"1447.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1447.27","end_time":"1447.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1447.39","end_time":"1447.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1447.58","end_time":"1447.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1447.82","end_time":"1448.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1448.17","end_time":"1448.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1449.44","end_time":"1449.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1449.75","end_time":"1450.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.09","end_time":"1450.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.15","end_time":"1450.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.21","end_time":"1450.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.5","end_time":"1450.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.6","end_time":"1450.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1450.68","end_time":"1451.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7203","content":"waitlist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1451.07","end_time":"1451.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1451.23","end_time":"1451.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1451.49","end_time":"1451.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1451.63","end_time":"1451.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1451.73","end_time":"1452.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"opportunity"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1452.44","end_time":"1452.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1452.58","end_time":"1452.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6702","content":"enroll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1452.91","end_time":"1453.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.64","end_time":"1453.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.98","end_time":"1454.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1454.09","end_time":"1454.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9682","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1454.33","end_time":"1454.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1454.89","end_time":"1455.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"enrollment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.5","end_time":"1455.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.65","end_time":"1455.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.99","end_time":"1456.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1456.28","end_time":"1456.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1456.38","end_time":"1456.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1456.76","end_time":"1456.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1456.97","end_time":"1457.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.11","end_time":"1457.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.25","end_time":"1457.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.32","end_time":"1457.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"senior"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.97","end_time":"1458.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.09","end_time":"1458.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8028","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.19","end_time":"1458.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.42","end_time":"1458.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.46","end_time":"1458.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6782","content":"date"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.68","end_time":"1458.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6721","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.72","end_time":"1459.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9288","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1459.1","end_time":"1459.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1459.84","end_time":"1459.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8005","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1459.98","end_time":"1460.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1460.08","end_time":"1460.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1460.31","end_time":"1460.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1460.37","end_time":"1460.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1460.55","end_time":"1460.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1460.75","end_time":"1461.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1461.1","end_time":"1461.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"priority"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1462.13","end_time":"1462.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1462.32","end_time":"1462.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.41","end_time":"1462.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.49","end_time":"1462.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.76","end_time":"1462.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.92","end_time":"1463.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.0","end_time":"1463.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.41","end_time":"1463.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.51","end_time":"1463.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.68","end_time":"1463.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.84","end_time":"1464.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1464.19","end_time":"1464.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.34","end_time":"1464.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.47","end_time":"1464.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.71","end_time":"1465.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.09","end_time":"1465.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.32","end_time":"1465.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.49","end_time":"1465.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tomorrow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.95","end_time":"1466.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"pulling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1466.27","end_time":"1466.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1466.51","end_time":"1466.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1466.7","end_time":"1466.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1466.77","end_time":"1466.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1466.97","end_time":"1467.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1467.26","end_time":"1467.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9268","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1467.94","end_time":"1468.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1470.61","end_time":"1470.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Sorry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1471.0","end_time":"1471.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.16","end_time":"1471.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.25","end_time":"1471.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.36","end_time":"1471.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6484","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.39","end_time":"1471.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7239","content":"love"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1471.49","end_time":"1471.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1473.78","end_time":"1473.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1473.99","end_time":"1474.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.14","end_time":"1474.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.64","end_time":"1475.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.07","end_time":"1475.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"either"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.31","end_time":"1475.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tomorrow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.74","end_time":"1475.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.82","end_time":"1476.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Monday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1476.96","end_time":"1477.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1477.64","end_time":"1477.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.81","end_time":"1477.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.58","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.94","end_time":"1478.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1478.33","end_time":"1478.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1478.53","end_time":"1479.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quickly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1481.39","end_time":"1481.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1481.66","end_time":"1482.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1484.8","end_time":"1484.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.92","end_time":"1485.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8858","content":"waitlist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.35","end_time":"1485.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.55","end_time":"1485.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.75","end_time":"1486.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confusing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1486.52","end_time":"1486.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6916","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1487.94","end_time":"1488.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.54","end_time":"1488.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9753","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.92","end_time":"1489.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4179","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.16","end_time":"1489.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.38","end_time":"1489.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.44","end_time":"1489.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"explains"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.89","end_time":"1489.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.98","end_time":"1490.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"process"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1490.41","end_time":"1490.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1490.5","end_time":"1490.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1490.71","end_time":"1491.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.0","end_time":"1491.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.13","end_time":"1491.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.25","end_time":"1491.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.48","end_time":"1491.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.6","end_time":"1491.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.78","end_time":"1491.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.95","end_time":"1492.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1492.83","end_time":"1493.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9229","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1499.58","end_time":"1499.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1499.82","end_time":"1500.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1500.0","end_time":"1500.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8902","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1500.16","end_time":"1500.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1500.37","end_time":"1500.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1500.54","end_time":"1500.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1500.85","end_time":"1501.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"systems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.26","end_time":"1501.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.41","end_time":"1501.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.5","end_time":"1501.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.64","end_time":"1502.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1502.73","end_time":"1502.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1502.92","end_time":"1503.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1503.1","end_time":"1503.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1503.68","end_time":"1504.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3589","content":"Q"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.07","end_time":"1504.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8997","content":"To"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.16","end_time":"1504.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.48","end_time":"1504.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8467","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1504.96","end_time":"1505.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.07","end_time":"1505.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.61","end_time":"1505.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.99","end_time":"1506.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1506.05","end_time":"1506.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1506.36","end_time":"1506.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1506.41","end_time":"1506.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ticket"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1506.8","end_time":"1506.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1506.91","end_time":"1506.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1506.96","end_time":"1507.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"tutor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1507.28","end_time":"1507.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9661","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1507.39","end_time":"1507.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1507.6","end_time":"1507.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1507.85","end_time":"1508.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1508.69","end_time":"1508.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1508.88","end_time":"1509.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1509.03","end_time":"1509.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1509.18","end_time":"1509.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1509.32","end_time":"1509.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1509.63","end_time":"1510.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1511.2","end_time":"1511.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1511.39","end_time":"1511.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1511.53","end_time":"1511.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"listen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1511.79","end_time":"1511.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1511.9","end_time":"1512.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1512.11","end_time":"1512.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1512.31","end_time":"1513.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"lectures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1513.01","end_time":"1513.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1513.7","end_time":"1514.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9594","content":"ID"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1514.89","end_time":"1515.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.1","end_time":"1517.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"documentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.0","end_time":"1517.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.19","end_time":"1517.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1517.65","end_time":"1517.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.75","end_time":"1517.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.88","end_time":"1518.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1518.13","end_time":"1518.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1518.43","end_time":"1518.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1518.78","end_time":"1519.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9326","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1519.49","end_time":"1519.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1520.31","end_time":"1520.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1520.53","end_time":"1520.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1520.67","end_time":"1520.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8061","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1520.87","end_time":"1521.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7847","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1521.12","end_time":"1521.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7458","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1521.23","end_time":"1521.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"enrollment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1521.73","end_time":"1522.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9742","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1522.84","end_time":"1522.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1522.99","end_time":"1523.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"advising"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1523.85","end_time":"1524.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"academic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1524.36","end_time":"1524.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integrity"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1524.88","end_time":"1525.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1525.03","end_time":"1525.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1525.24","end_time":"1525.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1536.93","end_time":"1537.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.01","end_time":"1537.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.14","end_time":"1537.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.2","end_time":"1537.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.29","end_time":"1537.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.36","end_time":"1537.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9305","content":"colors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.77","end_time":"1538.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1540.29","end_time":"1540.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Navy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1540.61","end_time":"1540.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"blue"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1540.81","end_time":"1541.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1541.03","end_time":"1541.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"enrolled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1541.49","end_time":"1541.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1541.59","end_time":"1541.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hearing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1543.68","end_time":"1543.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.94","end_time":"1544.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1544.05","end_time":"1544.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1544.29","end_time":"1544.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1545.44","end_time":"1545.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1545.57","end_time":"1545.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1545.78","end_time":"1545.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1545.94","end_time":"1546.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5754","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1546.3","end_time":"1546.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1546.59","end_time":"1546.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1546.71","end_time":"1546.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1546.95","end_time":"1547.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.05","end_time":"1547.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9682","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.16","end_time":"1547.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.26","end_time":"1547.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.33","end_time":"1547.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9436","content":"wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.54","end_time":"1547.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9435","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1548.74","end_time":"1549.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1554.84","end_time":"1555.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9636","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1556.23","end_time":"1556.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.36","end_time":"1556.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.55","end_time":"1556.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.77","end_time":"1557.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1557.03","end_time":"1557.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"rooms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1557.38","end_time":"1557.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1558.69","end_time":"1559.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1559.05","end_time":"1559.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1559.17","end_time":"1559.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9742","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1559.33","end_time":"1560.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1560.05","end_time":"1560.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8889","content":"ID"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1560.3","end_time":"1560.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1560.49","end_time":"1560.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1560.75","end_time":"1560.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1560.8","end_time":"1561.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.06","end_time":"1561.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.11","end_time":"1561.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.65","end_time":"1562.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.05","end_time":"1562.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.17","end_time":"1562.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.31","end_time":"1562.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.66","end_time":"1562.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.97","end_time":"1563.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"building"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1563.23","end_time":"1563.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1563.38","end_time":"1563.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1563.5","end_time":"1563.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1563.65","end_time":"1563.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1563.79","end_time":"1563.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1563.86","end_time":"1564.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.21","end_time":"1564.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"hall"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.42","end_time":"1564.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9536","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.64","end_time":"1564.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9536","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1564.79","end_time":"1564.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.92","end_time":"1565.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1565.1","end_time":"1565.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1565.21","end_time":"1565.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1565.63","end_time":"1565.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9523","content":"love"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1566.51","end_time":"1566.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1568.55","end_time":"1568.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5552","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1570.44","end_time":"1570.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9084","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1570.82","end_time":"1571.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.04","end_time":"1571.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.1","end_time":"1571.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.31","end_time":"1571.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9303","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.4","end_time":"1571.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.57","end_time":"1571.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.64","end_time":"1571.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.84","end_time":"1572.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"ahead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1572.74","end_time":"1573.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1574.76","end_time":"1574.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2881","content":"he'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1574.91","end_time":"1575.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.11","end_time":"1575.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.39","end_time":"1575.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.46","end_time":"1575.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.67","end_time":"1575.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slower"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.99","end_time":"1576.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.1","end_time":"1576.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.17","end_time":"1576.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"beginning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.51","end_time":"1576.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.58","end_time":"1576.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.66","end_time":"1577.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quarter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.29","end_time":"1577.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.4","end_time":"1577.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.68","end_time":"1578.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1578.15","end_time":"1578.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1578.4","end_time":"1578.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1579.01","end_time":"1579.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1579.26","end_time":"1579.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.4","end_time":"1579.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.44","end_time":"1579.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.56","end_time":"1579.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6147","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.72","end_time":"1579.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1579.8","end_time":"1580.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.02","end_time":"1580.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.12","end_time":"1580.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1580.34","end_time":"1580.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.42","end_time":"1580.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.56","end_time":"1580.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.69","end_time":"1580.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.78","end_time":"1580.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.9","end_time":"1581.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.01","end_time":"1581.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.12","end_time":"1581.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.27","end_time":"1581.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8744","content":"websites"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.68","end_time":"1581.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9791","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.92","end_time":"1582.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1582.1","end_time":"1582.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1582.67","end_time":"1582.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1582.96","end_time":"1583.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1583.26","end_time":"1583.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1583.49","end_time":"1583.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1583.55","end_time":"1583.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1583.79","end_time":"1583.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1583.85","end_time":"1584.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1584.19","end_time":"1584.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tools"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1584.69","end_time":"1584.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1584.81","end_time":"1585.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"technology"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1585.38","end_time":"1585.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1585.53","end_time":"1585.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1585.63","end_time":"1585.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1585.86","end_time":"1585.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1585.97","end_time":"1586.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1586.13","end_time":"1586.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1586.9","end_time":"1587.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1587.03","end_time":"1587.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1587.11","end_time":"1587.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1587.26","end_time":"1587.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1587.54","end_time":"1587.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1587.91","end_time":"1588.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1588.11","end_time":"1588.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1588.57","end_time":"1588.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6318","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1588.63","end_time":"1588.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1588.78","end_time":"1588.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1588.91","end_time":"1589.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.12","end_time":"1589.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.3","end_time":"1589.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.45","end_time":"1589.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.61","end_time":"1589.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5913","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.94","end_time":"1590.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.07","end_time":"1590.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"resource"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.43","end_time":"1590.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.59","end_time":"1590.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.417","content":"Paige"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.84","end_time":"1591.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9797","content":"exists"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1591.26","end_time":"1591.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.32","end_time":"1591.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7874","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.7","end_time":"1591.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.79","end_time":"1591.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.85","end_time":"1592.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1592.03","end_time":"1592.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1592.14","end_time":"1592.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8717","content":"F"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1592.32","end_time":"1592.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1592.41","end_time":"1592.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8068","content":"Q"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1593.78","end_time":"1593.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1593.91","end_time":"1594.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"calendar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1595.54","end_time":"1595.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1595.79","end_time":"1596.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.1","end_time":"1596.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.21","end_time":"1596.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.57","end_time":"1597.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appears"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1597.46","end_time":"1598.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1598.0","end_time":"1598.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7945","content":"canvas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1598.99","end_time":"1599.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1599.24","end_time":"1599.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1599.52","end_time":"1599.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1599.61","end_time":"1599.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1599.86","end_time":"1600.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1600.11","end_time":"1600.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1601.34","end_time":"1601.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1601.52","end_time":"1601.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9616","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1601.88","end_time":"1602.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"meetings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1602.42","end_time":"1602.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lectures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1602.94","end_time":"1603.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1603.56","end_time":"1603.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1603.65","end_time":"1604.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.921","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1604.17","end_time":"1604.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9771","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1604.94","end_time":"1605.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8598","content":"sections"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1606.41","end_time":"1606.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1606.79","end_time":"1607.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1607.0","end_time":"1607.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"meeting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1607.3","end_time":"1607.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1607.67","end_time":"1607.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1607.76","end_time":"1608.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1608.45","end_time":"1608.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1608.92","end_time":"1608.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1608.99","end_time":"1609.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.14","end_time":"1609.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.25","end_time":"1609.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.37","end_time":"1609.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.69","end_time":"1609.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1610.0","end_time":"1610.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1610.14","end_time":"1610.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1610.24","end_time":"1610.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1610.29","end_time":"1610.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1610.5","end_time":"1610.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1610.6","end_time":"1611.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1611.87","end_time":"1612.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1612.14","end_time":"1612.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9701","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1612.44","end_time":"1612.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9474","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1612.7","end_time":"1612.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7863","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1612.8","end_time":"1613.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.33","end_time":"1613.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.57","end_time":"1613.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.65","end_time":"1613.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.78","end_time":"1614.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1614.1","end_time":"1614.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1614.38","end_time":"1614.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9781","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1614.5","end_time":"1614.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1614.78","end_time":"1615.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1615.0","end_time":"1615.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1616.24","end_time":"1616.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1616.56","end_time":"1617.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"12"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1617.1","end_time":"1617.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1617.22","end_time":"1617.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1618.44","end_time":"1619.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7163","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1619.31","end_time":"1619.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1619.6","end_time":"1619.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9838","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1619.88","end_time":"1620.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.14","end_time":"1620.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8409","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.21","end_time":"1620.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9719","content":"ta"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.66","end_time":"1620.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.82","end_time":"1621.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1621.09","end_time":"1621.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1621.25","end_time":"1621.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1621.53","end_time":"1621.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7346","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1621.7","end_time":"1622.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1622.01","end_time":"1622.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1622.27","end_time":"1622.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1622.33","end_time":"1622.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1622.6","end_time":"1622.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1622.79","end_time":"1623.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.03","end_time":"1623.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nearly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.42","end_time":"1623.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.82","end_time":"1624.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.12","end_time":"1624.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.2","end_time":"1624.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.53","end_time":"1624.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.8","end_time":"1624.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.87","end_time":"1625.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1625.45","end_time":"1625.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1625.9","end_time":"1626.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.12","end_time":"1626.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.21","end_time":"1626.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.51","end_time":"1627.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7954","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.05","end_time":"1627.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.27","end_time":"1627.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.33","end_time":"1627.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"office"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.62","end_time":"1627.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1627.89","end_time":"1628.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1628.07","end_time":"1628.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1628.18","end_time":"1628.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1628.27","end_time":"1628.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1628.48","end_time":"1628.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1628.75","end_time":"1628.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1628.82","end_time":"1629.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.34","end_time":"1630.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1630.63","end_time":"1630.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1630.86","end_time":"1631.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9607","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.09","end_time":"1631.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.32","end_time":"1631.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.41","end_time":"1631.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.64","end_time":"1631.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.87","end_time":"1631.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6428","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1631.98","end_time":"1632.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1632.09","end_time":"1632.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1632.26","end_time":"1632.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1632.53","end_time":"1632.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1632.79","end_time":"1632.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1632.88","end_time":"1632.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1632.99","end_time":"1633.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1633.1","end_time":"1633.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1633.22","end_time":"1633.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1633.38","end_time":"1633.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1633.56","end_time":"1633.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trouble"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1633.89","end_time":"1633.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1633.99","end_time":"1634.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5538","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.14","end_time":"1634.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.31","end_time":"1634.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.53","end_time":"1635.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quickly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1638.22","end_time":"1638.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.33","end_time":"1638.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"schedule"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.76","end_time":"1638.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.86","end_time":"1639.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"topics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1639.29","end_time":"1639.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1639.46","end_time":"1639.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1639.59","end_time":"1639.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cover"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1639.91","end_time":"1640.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1640.17","end_time":"1640.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1642.28","end_time":"1642.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1642.5","end_time":"1642.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1642.82","end_time":"1643.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1643.01","end_time":"1643.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1643.15","end_time":"1643.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1643.39","end_time":"1644.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1644.05","end_time":"1644.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1644.76","end_time":"1645.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1645.19","end_time":"1645.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1645.43","end_time":"1645.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.447","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1645.66","end_time":"1646.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1646.91","end_time":"1647.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1647.26","end_time":"1647.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1647.47","end_time":"1647.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1647.7","end_time":"1647.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1647.91","end_time":"1648.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9719","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1648.25","end_time":"1648.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.419","content":"thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1648.61","end_time":"1648.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1648.81","end_time":"1648.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1648.89","end_time":"1648.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1648.98","end_time":"1649.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"research"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1649.36","end_time":"1649.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.0","end_time":"1650.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.31","end_time":"1650.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.43","end_time":"1650.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1650.69","end_time":"1651.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1651.84","end_time":"1652.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7903","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1653.18","end_time":"1653.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1653.39","end_time":"1653.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1653.66","end_time":"1653.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1653.77","end_time":"1654.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8887","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1655.54","end_time":"1655.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1655.75","end_time":"1656.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"brief"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1656.74","end_time":"1656.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3183","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.81","end_time":"1657.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3062","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1657.06","end_time":"1657.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9317","content":"figure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1657.35","end_time":"1657.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1657.53","end_time":"1657.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.676","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1657.69","end_time":"1657.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1657.83","end_time":"1657.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1657.89","end_time":"1658.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1658.05","end_time":"1658.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"closely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1660.3","end_time":"1660.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"Let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1660.56","end_time":"1661.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1661.04","end_time":"1661.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1661.19","end_time":"1661.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8108","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1661.31","end_time":"1661.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4682","content":"eye"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1661.5","end_time":"1662.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"clickers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1682.04","end_time":"1682.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9426","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1682.37","end_time":"1682.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1682.84","end_time":"1683.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1683.22","end_time":"1683.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1683.44","end_time":"1683.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1685.24","end_time":"1685.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1685.58","end_time":"1686.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"classroom"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.05","end_time":"1686.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.25","end_time":"1686.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1686.32","end_time":"1687.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"frequency"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1687.08","end_time":"1687.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1687.27","end_time":"1687.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1687.36","end_time":"1687.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collects"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1687.97","end_time":"1688.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1688.54","end_time":"1689.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1689.14","end_time":"1689.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1689.32","end_time":"1689.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8457","content":"BC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1689.83","end_time":"1690.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"frequency"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1690.8","end_time":"1690.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1690.97","end_time":"1691.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.08","end_time":"1691.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.19","end_time":"1691.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.28","end_time":"1691.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hold"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.54","end_time":"1691.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.61","end_time":"1691.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1691.94","end_time":"1692.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9638","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1692.13","end_time":"1692.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1693.34","end_time":"1693.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1693.53","end_time":"1693.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1693.88","end_time":"1694.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.0","end_time":"1694.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.28","end_time":"1694.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"flashing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.66","end_time":"1694.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.75","end_time":"1694.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.83","end_time":"1694.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.98","end_time":"1695.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9226","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1695.27","end_time":"1695.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5262","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1695.48","end_time":"1695.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5302","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1696.43","end_time":"1696.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.54","end_time":"1696.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.7","end_time":"1696.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.86","end_time":"1696.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.94","end_time":"1697.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5291","content":"checkmark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1698.99","end_time":"1699.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9357","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.29","end_time":"1699.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.34","end_time":"1699.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"green"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.67","end_time":"1699.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"light"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.72","end_time":"1700.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.91","end_time":"1701.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1701.66","end_time":"1702.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9787","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1702.05","end_time":"1702.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1702.24","end_time":"1702.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"channel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1702.58","end_time":"1702.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1702.77","end_time":"1703.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1703.73","end_time":"1703.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.89","end_time":"1704.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1704.31","end_time":"1704.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1706.0","end_time":"1706.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1706.4","end_time":"1706.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.888","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1706.88","end_time":"1707.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4872","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1707.06","end_time":"1707.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1707.77","end_time":"1708.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1708.23","end_time":"1708.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1708.36","end_time":"1708.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1708.49","end_time":"1708.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1708.96","end_time":"1709.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.1","end_time":"1709.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.33","end_time":"1709.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.44","end_time":"1709.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ability"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.91","end_time":"1710.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.28","end_time":"1710.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.66","end_time":"1711.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8561","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1711.94","end_time":"1712.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9556","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.13","end_time":"1712.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"poll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1714.25","end_time":"1714.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4749","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1714.44","end_time":"1714.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1714.88","end_time":"1715.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"reminds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.31","end_time":"1715.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.25","end_time":"1716.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.43","end_time":"1716.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.51","end_time":"1717.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"frequency"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1717.0","end_time":"1717.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1718.0","end_time":"1718.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1718.21","end_time":"1718.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1719.44","end_time":"1719.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1719.62","end_time":"1719.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1720.17","end_time":"1720.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1720.58","end_time":"1720.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1720.8","end_time":"1720.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1720.99","end_time":"1721.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1721.21","end_time":"1721.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1721.31","end_time":"1721.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1721.56","end_time":"1721.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1721.89","end_time":"1722.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1722.02","end_time":"1722.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1722.17","end_time":"1722.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1722.46","end_time":"1722.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1722.66","end_time":"1723.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1728.45","end_time":"1728.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1728.59","end_time":"1728.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"self"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1728.93","end_time":"1729.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"declared"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.45","end_time":"1729.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8604","content":"pro"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1730.61","end_time":"1731.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.01","end_time":"1731.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.28","end_time":"1731.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.46","end_time":"1731.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9873","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.55","end_time":"1731.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pro"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1735.02","end_time":"1735.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5809","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.44","end_time":"1753.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1756.64","end_time":"1757.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.01","end_time":"1757.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.14","end_time":"1757.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5204","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.2","end_time":"1757.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.36","end_time":"1757.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"hit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.48","end_time":"1757.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.58","end_time":"1758.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"letter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1758.53","end_time":"1758.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8991","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.63","end_time":"1758.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8141","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.75","end_time":"1758.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4991","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.84","end_time":"1758.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.91","end_time":"1759.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1759.04","end_time":"1759.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1759.29","end_time":"1759.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1762.71","end_time":"1763.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1769.74","end_time":"1770.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.15","end_time":"1770.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.74","end_time":"1771.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keeps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.03","end_time":"1771.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.27","end_time":"1771.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.37","end_time":"1771.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.6","end_time":"1771.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.9","end_time":"1772.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9687","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1772.0","end_time":"1772.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1772.17","end_time":"1772.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1772.25","end_time":"1772.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5345","content":"pole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1772.58","end_time":"1773.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1773.01","end_time":"1773.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1773.19","end_time":"1773.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1773.27","end_time":"1773.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1773.6","end_time":"1773.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1773.68","end_time":"1773.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1773.93","end_time":"1774.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1774.02","end_time":"1774.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1774.17","end_time":"1774.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"voted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1776.94","end_time":"1777.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.4","end_time":"1777.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.57","end_time":"1777.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.84","end_time":"1777.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.97","end_time":"1778.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.26","end_time":"1778.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1778.41","end_time":"1779.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"65"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1779.13","end_time":"1779.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1779.25","end_time":"1779.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1781.32","end_time":"1781.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1781.88","end_time":"1782.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9456","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1782.2","end_time":"1782.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1782.37","end_time":"1782.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6756","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1782.44","end_time":"1782.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8781","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1786.89","end_time":"1787.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8979","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1787.19","end_time":"1787.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1787.33","end_time":"1787.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1787.47","end_time":"1787.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1787.59","end_time":"1787.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1787.73","end_time":"1787.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ready"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1787.98","end_time":"1788.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1788.07","end_time":"1788.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1788.42","end_time":"1788.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9421","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1788.49","end_time":"1788.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5843","content":"pole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1788.82","end_time":"1788.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4077","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1788.96","end_time":"1789.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8041","content":"usually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1789.3","end_time":"1789.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1789.55","end_time":"1789.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1789.73","end_time":"1789.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9709","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1789.97","end_time":"1790.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1790.06","end_time":"1790.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9252","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1790.23","end_time":"1790.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1790.52","end_time":"1790.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5296","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1790.59","end_time":"1790.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"pole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1790.95","end_time":"1791.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.05","end_time":"1791.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.11","end_time":"1791.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.28","end_time":"1791.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seconds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1791.74","end_time":"1791.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1791.92","end_time":"1792.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1792.05","end_time":"1792.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1792.13","end_time":"1792.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1792.29","end_time":"1792.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1792.43","end_time":"1792.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"votes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1792.76","end_time":"1793.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1796.08","end_time":"1796.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.28","end_time":"1796.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.59","end_time":"1796.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.71","end_time":"1796.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.97","end_time":"1797.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1797.45","end_time":"1797.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1797.55","end_time":"1798.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6577","content":"pole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1801.94","end_time":"1802.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.11","end_time":"1802.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.2","end_time":"1802.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.31","end_time":"1802.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.52","end_time":"1802.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.85","end_time":"1803.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.39","end_time":"1803.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.58","end_time":"1804.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"results"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1805.92","end_time":"1806.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8054","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1806.29","end_time":"1806.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1808.34","end_time":"1808.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1808.58","end_time":"1808.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1808.85","end_time":"1809.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1809.18","end_time":"1809.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1809.32","end_time":"1809.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1809.94","end_time":"1810.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1810.24","end_time":"1810.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1810.33","end_time":"1810.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1810.44","end_time":"1810.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1810.52","end_time":"1811.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pro"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1813.58","end_time":"1814.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8194","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1814.04","end_time":"1814.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1814.96","end_time":"1815.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1815.87","end_time":"1815.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1815.98","end_time":"1816.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.18","end_time":"1816.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.33","end_time":"1816.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.5","end_time":"1816.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.67","end_time":"1816.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.78","end_time":"1817.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"linking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1817.2","end_time":"1817.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1817.77","end_time":"1817.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9855","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1817.94","end_time":"1818.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9583","content":"responses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.65","end_time":"1818.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.78","end_time":"1818.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1818.93","end_time":"1819.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1819.11","end_time":"1819.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1819.38","end_time":"1819.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1819.62","end_time":"1819.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1819.71","end_time":"1820.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1820.0","end_time":"1820.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1820.21","end_time":"1820.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5868","content":"collected"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1820.8","end_time":"1821.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.39","end_time":"1821.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9668","content":"Do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.55","end_time":"1821.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9746","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.66","end_time":"1821.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"self"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1821.95","end_time":"1822.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"proclaimed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1822.52","end_time":"1823.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5759","content":"pros"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1823.09","end_time":"1823.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1823.65","end_time":"1823.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1823.84","end_time":"1824.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1824.08","end_time":"1824.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1824.28","end_time":"1824.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1824.35","end_time":"1824.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1824.43","end_time":"1824.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1825.5","end_time":"1825.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1830.14","end_time":"1830.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5433","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1830.45","end_time":"1830.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1830.71","end_time":"1831.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"language"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1831.33","end_time":"1831.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1833.22","end_time":"1833.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"Some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1833.52","end_time":"1834.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"experience"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1834.2","end_time":"1834.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"Maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1834.47","end_time":"1834.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1834.8","end_time":"1835.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dabbled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1835.21","end_time":"1835.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1835.25","end_time":"1835.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1835.5","end_time":"1835.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1836.24","end_time":"1836.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1836.96","end_time":"1837.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1837.63","end_time":"1837.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1837.7","end_time":"1837.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8979","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1837.91","end_time":"1838.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.0","end_time":"1838.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1838.16","end_time":"1838.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.46","end_time":"1838.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"language"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1838.87","end_time":"1838.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.98","end_time":"1839.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.06","end_time":"1839.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.25","end_time":"1839.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.36","end_time":"1840.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1840.26","end_time":"1840.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1840.5","end_time":"1840.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1840.75","end_time":"1841.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1841.46","end_time":"1841.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1841.64","end_time":"1841.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1841.79","end_time":"1842.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"experience"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1842.43","end_time":"1842.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1843.15","end_time":"1843.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9456","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1843.64","end_time":"1844.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1844.13","end_time":"1844.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1844.5","end_time":"1844.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"11"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1844.9","end_time":"1845.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.0","end_time":"1845.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.18","end_time":"1845.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.36","end_time":"1845.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.42","end_time":"1845.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.54","end_time":"1845.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.7","end_time":"1846.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"experience"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1846.51","end_time":"1846.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1846.8","end_time":"1847.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"totally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.15","end_time":"1847.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1847.51","end_time":"1847.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.6","end_time":"1847.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7742","content":"shall"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.79","end_time":"1848.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5599","content":"honor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1848.01","end_time":"1848.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1848.23","end_time":"1848.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"reiterate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1848.77","end_time":"1848.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9609","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1848.9","end_time":"1849.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.11","end_time":"1849.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expected"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.56","end_time":"1849.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.64","end_time":"1849.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.79","end_time":"1850.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1850.11","end_time":"1850.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"coming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1850.39","end_time":"1850.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1850.58","end_time":"1850.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1850.76","end_time":"1851.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1852.23","end_time":"1852.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.6","end_time":"1852.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9551","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.75","end_time":"1852.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.99","end_time":"1853.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.09","end_time":"1853.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.25","end_time":"1853.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.34","end_time":"1853.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.44","end_time":"1853.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.65","end_time":"1853.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.74","end_time":"1853.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.92","end_time":"1854.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1854.3","end_time":"1854.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1854.58","end_time":"1854.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"People"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1854.86","end_time":"1854.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1854.94","end_time":"1855.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.07","end_time":"1855.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.26","end_time":"1855.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.34","end_time":"1855.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.98","end_time":"1856.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"master"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1856.38","end_time":"1856.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1857.57","end_time":"1858.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1858.28","end_time":"1858.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1858.69","end_time":"1858.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1858.89","end_time":"1859.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1859.16","end_time":"1859.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1859.25","end_time":"1859.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"support"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1859.66","end_time":"1859.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1859.75","end_time":"1860.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1860.04","end_time":"1860.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1860.17","end_time":"1860.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1861.24","end_time":"1861.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.214","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1862.54","end_time":"1862.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.9","end_time":"1863.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1863.22","end_time":"1863.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9395","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1863.39","end_time":"1863.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"clickers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1864.74","end_time":"1865.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.45","end_time":"1866.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"participation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.16","end_time":"1866.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.32","end_time":"1866.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.73","end_time":"1867.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.16","end_time":"1867.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.28","end_time":"1867.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.54","end_time":"1867.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.67","end_time":"1868.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"voted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1868.12","end_time":"1868.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1868.22","end_time":"1868.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1868.41","end_time":"1868.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1868.54","end_time":"1868.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1868.85","end_time":"1869.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1869.01","end_time":"1869.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1869.13","end_time":"1869.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1869.37","end_time":"1869.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"half"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1869.58","end_time":"1869.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1869.67","end_time":"1870.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.15","end_time":"1870.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.51","end_time":"1870.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.61","end_time":"1870.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.68","end_time":"1871.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"session"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.16","end_time":"1871.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.28","end_time":"1871.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.66","end_time":"1872.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"credit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.04","end_time":"1872.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.15","end_time":"1872.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.37","end_time":"1872.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1872.9","end_time":"1873.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.11","end_time":"1873.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.2","end_time":"1873.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.41","end_time":"1873.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.79","end_time":"1873.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.89","end_time":"1874.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1874.21","end_time":"1874.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.32","end_time":"1874.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.6","end_time":"1874.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1874.92","end_time":"1875.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.04","end_time":"1875.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.94","end_time":"1876.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1876.47","end_time":"1876.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1876.68","end_time":"1877.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Tuesday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1877.24","end_time":"1877.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1877.43","end_time":"1877.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1877.62","end_time":"1877.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1877.77","end_time":"1877.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1877.87","end_time":"1877.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1877.93","end_time":"1878.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.06","end_time":"1878.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.15","end_time":"1878.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.2","end_time":"1878.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.51","end_time":"1878.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1878.84","end_time":"1879.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.07","end_time":"1879.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9809","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.2","end_time":"1879.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6347","content":"bite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.38","end_time":"1879.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5007","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1880.34","end_time":"1880.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5325","content":"OK"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1880.71","end_time":"1880.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.92","end_time":"1881.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1881.34","end_time":"1881.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1881.47","end_time":"1881.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clickers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1883.44","end_time":"1883.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.795","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1885.62","end_time":"1885.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1885.77","end_time":"1886.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1886.04","end_time":"1886.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.16","end_time":"1886.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.33","end_time":"1886.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.42","end_time":"1886.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.8","end_time":"1887.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1887.11","end_time":"1887.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9811","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1887.7","end_time":"1888.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thank"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1888.02","end_time":"1888.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1891.34","end_time":"1892.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8612","content":"Canvas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1892.44","end_time":"1892.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.75","end_time":"1892.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.82","end_time":"1892.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.9","end_time":"1893.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6885","content":"websites"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1896.32","end_time":"1896.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"exit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1896.78","end_time":"1897.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1905.64","end_time":"1905.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3832","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1905.89","end_time":"1906.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1906.09","end_time":"1906.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1906.24","end_time":"1906.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1906.45","end_time":"1906.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1906.57","end_time":"1906.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1906.66","end_time":"1907.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1907.86","end_time":"1908.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Anyway"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1908.38","end_time":"1908.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1908.57","end_time":"1908.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1908.67","end_time":"1908.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1908.78","end_time":"1909.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6585","content":"websites"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1909.28","end_time":"1910.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7509","content":"canvas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1910.63","end_time":"1910.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1910.92","end_time":"1910.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1910.99","end_time":"1911.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1911.24","end_time":"1911.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1911.34","end_time":"1911.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1911.42","end_time":"1911.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1911.6","end_time":"1912.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"register"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1912.03","end_time":"1912.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1912.16","end_time":"1912.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1913.31","end_time":"1913.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1913.51","end_time":"1913.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1913.63","end_time":"1913.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1913.8","end_time":"1913.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1913.9","end_time":"1914.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1914.1","end_time":"1914.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1914.24","end_time":"1914.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1920.71","end_time":"1921.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5323","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1921.19","end_time":"1921.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"boy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1924.54","end_time":"1924.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7902","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1926.1","end_time":"1926.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9594","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1926.26","end_time":"1926.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1926.43","end_time":"1926.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1926.7","end_time":"1927.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"described"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.2","end_time":"1927.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8371","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.26","end_time":"1927.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.39","end_time":"1927.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9795","content":"detail"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.73","end_time":"1927.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.81","end_time":"1927.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.88","end_time":"1928.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.78","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1928.31","end_time":"1928.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1928.62","end_time":"1928.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1928.9","end_time":"1929.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1929.29","end_time":"1929.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8913","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1929.36","end_time":"1929.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1929.53","end_time":"1929.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1929.62","end_time":"1929.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1929.88","end_time":"1930.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1930.02","end_time":"1930.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"register"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1930.38","end_time":"1930.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1930.51","end_time":"1930.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9308","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1931.44","end_time":"1931.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1931.68","end_time":"1931.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1931.92","end_time":"1932.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"registering"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1932.4","end_time":"1932.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9652","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1932.53","end_time":"1933.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1933.04","end_time":"1933.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8925","content":"links"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1933.79","end_time":"1934.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1934.02","end_time":"1934.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.14","end_time":"1935.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9224","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.37","end_time":"1935.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.52","end_time":"1936.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9304","content":"responses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1936.16","end_time":"1936.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1936.28","end_time":"1936.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1936.48","end_time":"1936.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1936.61","end_time":"1936.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1936.77","end_time":"1937.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"credit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.12","end_time":"1937.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.3","end_time":"1937.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.74","end_time":"1937.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9513","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.94","end_time":"1938.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7739","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.07","end_time":"1938.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"remote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.4","end_time":"1938.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.52","end_time":"1938.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1939.44","end_time":"1939.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6659","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1940.98","end_time":"1941.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1941.2","end_time":"1941.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1941.32","end_time":"1941.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1941.59","end_time":"1941.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1941.95","end_time":"1942.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.02","end_time":"1942.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.18","end_time":"1942.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.47","end_time":"1942.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.61","end_time":"1942.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5412","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.81","end_time":"1943.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.31","end_time":"1943.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.51","end_time":"1944.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1945.12","end_time":"1945.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9791","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.42","end_time":"1946.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"due"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1946.02","end_time":"1946.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1946.41","end_time":"1946.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1946.79","end_time":"1947.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1947.01","end_time":"1947.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tomorrow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1948.21","end_time":"1948.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1949.15","end_time":"1949.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Friday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1949.63","end_time":"1950.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"night"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1950.06","end_time":"1950.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1950.26","end_time":"1950.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1950.42","end_time":"1950.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1950.65","end_time":"1950.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1950.84","end_time":"1950.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1950.9","end_time":"1951.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9537","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.15","end_time":"1951.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8849","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.27","end_time":"1951.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.55","end_time":"1951.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.76","end_time":"1952.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1952.3","end_time":"1953.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.27","end_time":"1953.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.59","end_time":"1953.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.77","end_time":"1953.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.91","end_time":"1953.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9315","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.99","end_time":"1954.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1954.38","end_time":"1954.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"until"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1954.71","end_time":"1955.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"early"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.0","end_time":"1955.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.29","end_time":"1955.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1956.71","end_time":"1956.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.88","end_time":"1957.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1957.03","end_time":"1957.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1957.12","end_time":"1957.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1957.44","end_time":"1957.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1957.94","end_time":"1958.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1958.52","end_time":"1958.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1958.71","end_time":"1958.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.0","end_time":"1959.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8261","content":"labs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1960.03","end_time":"1960.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1960.27","end_time":"1960.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1960.37","end_time":"1960.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1960.69","end_time":"1960.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1960.85","end_time":"1961.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"along"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1961.18","end_time":"1961.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1961.27","end_time":"1961.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1961.55","end_time":"1961.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1961.71","end_time":"1961.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1961.95","end_time":"1962.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1962.06","end_time":"1962.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1962.44","end_time":"1962.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1962.61","end_time":"1962.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1962.73","end_time":"1963.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1963.04","end_time":"1963.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1963.63","end_time":"1964.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1964.15","end_time":"1964.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1964.48","end_time":"1964.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1964.79","end_time":"1964.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1964.91","end_time":"1965.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"designed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.54","end_time":"1965.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.69","end_time":"1965.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.92","end_time":"1966.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.02","end_time":"1966.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.15","end_time":"1966.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.49","end_time":"1966.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.99","end_time":"1967.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.62","end_time":"1967.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9263","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.85","end_time":"1967.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9263","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.97","end_time":"1968.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"execute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1968.61","end_time":"1969.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8534","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.2","end_time":"1969.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.74","end_time":"1970.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1970.26","end_time":"1970.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"notebooks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1970.8","end_time":"1970.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1970.91","end_time":"1971.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1971.03","end_time":"1971.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1971.14","end_time":"1971.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1971.35","end_time":"1971.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1971.8","end_time":"1972.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1972.06","end_time":"1972.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1972.81","end_time":"1972.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1972.99","end_time":"1973.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.14","end_time":"1973.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.27","end_time":"1973.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.34","end_time":"1973.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.54","end_time":"1973.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.78","end_time":"1973.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.9","end_time":"1974.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.27","end_time":"1974.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.42","end_time":"1974.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.58","end_time":"1974.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.66","end_time":"1974.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.92","end_time":"1975.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.13","end_time":"1975.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.28","end_time":"1975.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.35","end_time":"1975.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.63","end_time":"1975.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.77","end_time":"1975.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8405","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.9","end_time":"1975.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8405","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.96","end_time":"1976.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1976.09","end_time":"1976.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1977.84","end_time":"1978.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"General"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1978.47","end_time":"1979.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"advice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.27","end_time":"1979.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.5","end_time":"1979.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.73","end_time":"1979.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.82","end_time":"1979.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.92","end_time":"1980.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.16","end_time":"1980.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1980.55","end_time":"1980.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.71","end_time":"1980.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.85","end_time":"1981.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1981.04","end_time":"1981.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1981.14","end_time":"1981.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1982.24","end_time":"1982.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8576","content":"Start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1982.66","end_time":"1983.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"early"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1984.04","end_time":"1984.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1984.27","end_time":"1984.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1984.6","end_time":"1985.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1985.64","end_time":"1986.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.42","end_time":"1986.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.6","end_time":"1986.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.82","end_time":"1987.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.09","end_time":"1987.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.75","end_time":"1987.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.87","end_time":"1988.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submitted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1988.36","end_time":"1988.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.49","end_time":"1988.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.7","end_time":"1988.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.89","end_time":"1989.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1989.07","end_time":"1989.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1989.9","end_time":"1990.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.18","end_time":"1990.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.75","end_time":"1991.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9734","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1991.06","end_time":"1991.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1991.2","end_time":"1991.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9542","content":"program"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1991.98","end_time":"1992.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.24","end_time":"1992.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.37","end_time":"1992.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.71","end_time":"1992.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.87","end_time":"1992.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.93","end_time":"1993.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1993.84","end_time":"1993.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1993.99","end_time":"1994.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.19","end_time":"1994.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.47","end_time":"1994.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.63","end_time":"1994.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1995.0","end_time":"1995.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1995.22","end_time":"1995.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1995.31","end_time":"1995.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1995.61","end_time":"1995.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1995.77","end_time":"1996.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"never"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.06","end_time":"1996.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.35","end_time":"1996.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.44","end_time":"1996.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.85","end_time":"1997.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1997.18","end_time":"1997.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"running"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1997.43","end_time":"1997.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1997.59","end_time":"1998.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.3","end_time":"1998.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9454","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1998.59","end_time":"1998.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.71","end_time":"1999.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.19","end_time":"1999.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"half"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.51","end_time":"1999.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.55","end_time":"2000.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2000.06","end_time":"2000.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.22","end_time":"2000.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.31","end_time":"2000.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.58","end_time":"2000.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.74","end_time":"2000.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.89","end_time":"2001.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2001.18","end_time":"2001.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2001.51","end_time":"2001.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2001.69","end_time":"2002.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2002.01","end_time":"2002.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2002.18","end_time":"2002.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2002.27","end_time":"2002.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"date"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2002.48","end_time":"2002.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2003.29","end_time":"2003.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8578","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2003.5","end_time":"2003.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2003.65","end_time":"2003.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2003.85","end_time":"2004.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tragic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.23","end_time":"2004.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.32","end_time":"2004.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8407","content":"hear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.51","end_time":"2004.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2004.65","end_time":"2005.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.05","end_time":"2005.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8865","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.14","end_time":"2005.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.41","end_time":"2005.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.48","end_time":"2005.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.68","end_time":"2005.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.76","end_time":"2005.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.95","end_time":"2006.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2006.4","end_time":"2006.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.5","end_time":"2006.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.71","end_time":"2007.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"forgot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.09","end_time":"2008.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.27","end_time":"2008.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.64","end_time":"2008.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2009.02","end_time":"2009.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2009.6","end_time":"2009.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2009.85","end_time":"2010.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.02","end_time":"2010.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.21","end_time":"2010.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.42","end_time":"2010.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.5","end_time":"2010.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2011.0","end_time":"2011.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.31","end_time":"2011.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9436","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.67","end_time":"2012.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2012.02","end_time":"2012.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2012.54","end_time":"2013.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submission"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.01","end_time":"2013.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.12","end_time":"2013.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.23","end_time":"2013.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.45","end_time":"2013.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.62","end_time":"2013.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2014.17","end_time":"2014.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2014.47","end_time":"2014.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2014.57","end_time":"2015.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2015.63","end_time":"2015.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2015.93","end_time":"2016.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.15","end_time":"2016.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.38","end_time":"2016.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.71","end_time":"2016.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9744","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2016.82","end_time":"2017.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.01","end_time":"2017.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.24","end_time":"2017.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.42","end_time":"2017.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.57","end_time":"2017.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.66","end_time":"2017.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2019.04","end_time":"2019.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7947","content":"Wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2022.78","end_time":"2023.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2023.17","end_time":"2023.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2023.28","end_time":"2023.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2023.68","end_time":"2023.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2023.91","end_time":"2024.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2024.05","end_time":"2024.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2024.11","end_time":"2024.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2024.19","end_time":"2024.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7524","content":"FAA"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2024.45","end_time":"2024.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3861","content":"cues"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2025.05","end_time":"2025.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2025.28","end_time":"2025.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2025.39","end_time":"2025.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2025.55","end_time":"2026.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2026.54","end_time":"2026.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.67","end_time":"2026.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.79","end_time":"2026.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2026.96","end_time":"2027.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9497","content":"changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.44","end_time":"2027.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.65","end_time":"2028.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2028.08","end_time":"2028.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2028.23","end_time":"2028.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2028.43","end_time":"2028.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7652","content":"realized"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.0","end_time":"2029.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8437","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.15","end_time":"2029.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.5","end_time":"2029.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.64","end_time":"2030.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2030.16","end_time":"2030.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.28","end_time":"2030.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7634","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.41","end_time":"2030.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.6","end_time":"2030.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.9","end_time":"2031.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.34","end_time":"2031.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5817","content":"flag"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.86","end_time":"2031.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2179","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.96","end_time":"2032.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"earlier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.3","end_time":"2032.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"submission"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.72","end_time":"2032.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.88","end_time":"2033.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8974","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2037.74","end_time":"2038.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.14","end_time":"2038.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.28","end_time":"2038.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.53","end_time":"2038.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8697","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.84","end_time":"2038.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8697","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.95","end_time":"2039.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.49","end_time":"2039.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9041","content":"Our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.6","end_time":"2039.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.87","end_time":"2040.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.33","end_time":"2040.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.65","end_time":"2040.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.77","end_time":"2041.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2041.08","end_time":"2041.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2041.77","end_time":"2042.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9322","content":"Our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.01","end_time":"2042.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.33","end_time":"2042.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9569","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.74","end_time":"2043.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.09","end_time":"2043.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6785","content":"sex"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.63","end_time":"2044.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"session"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.22","end_time":"2044.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.41","end_time":"2044.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.68","end_time":"2044.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"week"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2044.85","end_time":"2045.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2045.0","end_time":"2045.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2045.84","end_time":"2046.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2046.92","end_time":"2047.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2047.22","end_time":"2047.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2047.71","end_time":"2048.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2048.44","end_time":"2048.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2048.61","end_time":"2048.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2048.69","end_time":"2048.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2048.86","end_time":"2049.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2049.14","end_time":"2049.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2049.27","end_time":"2049.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2049.51","end_time":"2049.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2049.98","end_time":"2050.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.21","end_time":"2050.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.37","end_time":"2050.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5628","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.49","end_time":"2050.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.75","end_time":"2050.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2050.93","end_time":"2051.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2051.04","end_time":"2051.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2051.16","end_time":"2051.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2051.26","end_time":"2051.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"technology"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2051.94","end_time":"2052.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2052.09","end_time":"2052.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2052.18","end_time":"2052.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2054.9","end_time":"2055.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2055.08","end_time":"2055.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2055.28","end_time":"2055.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2055.41","end_time":"2055.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2055.62","end_time":"2055.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2055.94","end_time":"2056.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2056.14","end_time":"2056.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2056.35","end_time":"2056.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2056.56","end_time":"2057.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"technology"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2057.13","end_time":"2057.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2057.25","end_time":"2057.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2057.57","end_time":"2057.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2057.66","end_time":"2057.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2057.74","end_time":"2058.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2058.1","end_time":"2058.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2061.21","end_time":"2061.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2061.94","end_time":"2062.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9229","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2062.27","end_time":"2062.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2062.62","end_time":"2062.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2062.91","end_time":"2063.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2063.27","end_time":"2063.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"besides"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2063.7","end_time":"2064.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2066.14","end_time":"2066.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8802","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2066.34","end_time":"2066.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2066.49","end_time":"2066.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2066.65","end_time":"2066.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2066.85","end_time":"2067.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2069.24","end_time":"2069.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.768","content":"Really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2073.18","end_time":"2073.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2074.35","end_time":"2074.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2074.72","end_time":"2074.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2074.87","end_time":"2075.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.03","end_time":"2075.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.18","end_time":"2075.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.38","end_time":"2075.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9323","content":"worksheets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.96","end_time":"2076.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2076.14","end_time":"2076.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2076.81","end_time":"2077.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.0","end_time":"2077.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.23","end_time":"2077.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"release"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.69","end_time":"2077.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2077.79","end_time":"2078.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"worksheets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2078.33","end_time":"2078.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.5","end_time":"2078.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.63","end_time":"2078.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.93","end_time":"2079.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2079.15","end_time":"2079.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2079.23","end_time":"2079.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2079.32","end_time":"2079.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8143","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2079.52","end_time":"2079.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5735","content":"shit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2079.7","end_time":"2079.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9043","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2079.86","end_time":"2080.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2080.13","end_time":"2080.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.24","end_time":"2080.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.37","end_time":"2080.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.43","end_time":"2080.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.53","end_time":"2080.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.68","end_time":"2080.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.81","end_time":"2081.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2081.05","end_time":"2081.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2081.12","end_time":"2081.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2081.28","end_time":"2081.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2081.41","end_time":"2081.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2081.49","end_time":"2081.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2082.13","end_time":"2082.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.6","end_time":"2082.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9405","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.81","end_time":"2083.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5859","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2083.29","end_time":"2083.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9671","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2083.51","end_time":"2083.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2083.61","end_time":"2083.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2083.69","end_time":"2084.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8359","content":"worksheets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.07","end_time":"2084.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.18","end_time":"2084.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.26","end_time":"2084.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.45","end_time":"2084.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.53","end_time":"2084.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.6","end_time":"2084.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.69","end_time":"2084.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.83","end_time":"2085.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2085.02","end_time":"2085.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.25","end_time":"2085.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.55","end_time":"2085.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4442","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.71","end_time":"2085.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2085.91","end_time":"2086.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2086.13","end_time":"2086.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5491","content":"chancel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2086.52","end_time":"2086.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5615","content":"gal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2088.02","end_time":"2088.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2089.33","end_time":"2089.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7888","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2091.4","end_time":"2091.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.665","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2091.75","end_time":"2091.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2091.91","end_time":"2092.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.18","end_time":"2092.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8623","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.38","end_time":"2092.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.61","end_time":"2092.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.79","end_time":"2092.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.88","end_time":"2093.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.18","end_time":"2093.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.3","end_time":"2093.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.4","end_time":"2093.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.75","end_time":"2094.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2095.49","end_time":"2095.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2095.69","end_time":"2095.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2095.86","end_time":"2095.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2095.91","end_time":"2096.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.08","end_time":"2096.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.22","end_time":"2096.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.48","end_time":"2096.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2096.7","end_time":"2097.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2098.54","end_time":"2099.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2099.01","end_time":"2099.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2099.25","end_time":"2099.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2099.57","end_time":"2099.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2099.71","end_time":"2099.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2099.96","end_time":"2100.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.1","end_time":"2100.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.41","end_time":"2100.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.53","end_time":"2101.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"define"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2101.54","end_time":"2101.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8018","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.65","end_time":"2101.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.83","end_time":"2101.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.9","end_time":"2102.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.13","end_time":"2102.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.27","end_time":"2102.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.31","end_time":"2102.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.46","end_time":"2102.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.54","end_time":"2102.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.82","end_time":"2103.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ideas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2103.16","end_time":"2103.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2103.52","end_time":"2103.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2103.72","end_time":"2103.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2103.94","end_time":"2104.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8601","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2104.31","end_time":"2104.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8602","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2105.22","end_time":"2105.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8454","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2105.76","end_time":"2105.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2105.94","end_time":"2106.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2106.05","end_time":"2106.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2106.24","end_time":"2106.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2106.34","end_time":"2106.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2106.43","end_time":"2107.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"definition"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2107.04","end_time":"2107.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2107.62","end_time":"2107.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2107.81","end_time":"2107.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8011","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2107.99","end_time":"2108.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2108.25","end_time":"2108.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"uses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2108.67","end_time":"2108.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2108.78","end_time":"2109.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2109.08","end_time":"2109.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2109.42","end_time":"2109.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2109.6","end_time":"2109.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2109.82","end_time":"2110.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2110.58","end_time":"2111.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adopt"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2112.11","end_time":"2112.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2112.51","end_time":"2112.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2112.84","end_time":"2113.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"drawing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2113.28","end_time":"2113.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2113.75","end_time":"2114.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclusions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2114.35","end_time":"2114.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2114.51","end_time":"2114.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2114.93","end_time":"2115.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2115.31","end_time":"2116.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"computation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2117.48","end_time":"2117.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2117.7","end_time":"2117.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2117.84","end_time":"2118.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2118.06","end_time":"2118.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2118.26","end_time":"2118.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2118.48","end_time":"2119.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"components"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2119.06","end_time":"2119.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2119.48","end_time":"2119.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2119.62","end_time":"2120.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclusions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2120.14","end_time":"2120.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2120.28","end_time":"2120.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2120.35","end_time":"2120.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2120.49","end_time":"2121.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2121.79","end_time":"2121.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9644","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2121.87","end_time":"2122.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2122.47","end_time":"2122.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.66","end_time":"2122.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.83","end_time":"2123.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2123.26","end_time":"2123.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.684","content":"draw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2123.47","end_time":"2123.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2123.61","end_time":"2124.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclusions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.19","end_time":"2124.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.54","end_time":"2125.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2125.46","end_time":"2125.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9537","content":"Can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2125.72","end_time":"2126.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2126.08","end_time":"2126.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2126.57","end_time":"2126.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2126.87","end_time":"2127.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2127.39","end_time":"2128.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Unsupportive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2129.34","end_time":"2130.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2130.18","end_time":"2130.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2130.35","end_time":"2130.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2130.51","end_time":"2130.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2130.6","end_time":"2130.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2130.83","end_time":"2131.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2131.61","end_time":"2131.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2131.76","end_time":"2132.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arrive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.14","end_time":"2132.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.23","end_time":"2132.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.36","end_time":"2132.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclusion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2133.16","end_time":"2133.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.32","end_time":"2133.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.41","end_time":"2134.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"computation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.12","end_time":"2134.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.35","end_time":"2134.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.48","end_time":"2134.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.8","end_time":"2135.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7041","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.37","end_time":"2135.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.53","end_time":"2135.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.98","end_time":"2136.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4705","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.12","end_time":"2136.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.59","end_time":"2136.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.79","end_time":"2136.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.88","end_time":"2137.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2137.04","end_time":"2137.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2137.72","end_time":"2138.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2138.19","end_time":"2138.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2138.29","end_time":"2138.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6007","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2138.64","end_time":"2138.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5958","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2138.76","end_time":"2139.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"structured"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.27","end_time":"2139.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.46","end_time":"2139.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.9","end_time":"2140.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.23","end_time":"2140.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"half"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2140.75","end_time":"2141.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9044","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.04","end_time":"2141.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.3","end_time":"2141.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weeks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.54","end_time":"2141.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.64","end_time":"2141.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.71","end_time":"2142.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.09","end_time":"2142.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.42","end_time":"2142.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.49","end_time":"2143.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"midterm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.36","end_time":"2143.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.76","end_time":"2144.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2144.18","end_time":"2144.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2144.32","end_time":"2144.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2144.76","end_time":"2144.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2144.87","end_time":"2145.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2146.04","end_time":"2146.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2146.31","end_time":"2146.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.42","end_time":"2146.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.59","end_time":"2146.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2146.69","end_time":"2147.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.02","end_time":"2147.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"half"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.21","end_time":"2147.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.32","end_time":"2147.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.4","end_time":"2147.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2148.19","end_time":"2148.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2148.83","end_time":"2149.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.12","end_time":"2149.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.38","end_time":"2149.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.75","end_time":"2150.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2150.52","end_time":"2150.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2150.75","end_time":"2150.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2150.91","end_time":"2151.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.16","end_time":"2151.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9442","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.39","end_time":"2151.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.47","end_time":"2151.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.86","end_time":"2151.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.97","end_time":"2152.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9085","content":"programs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2152.54","end_time":"2152.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2152.74","end_time":"2153.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9706","content":"throughout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2153.18","end_time":"2153.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.27","end_time":"2153.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9296","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.45","end_time":"2153.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.54","end_time":"2153.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.71","end_time":"2153.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9224","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2153.93","end_time":"2154.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2154.27","end_time":"2154.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"examples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2156.36","end_time":"2156.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9389","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2156.79","end_time":"2156.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8271","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2156.89","end_time":"2156.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2156.98","end_time":"2157.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2157.6","end_time":"2157.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2157.85","end_time":"2157.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2157.94","end_time":"2158.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2158.14","end_time":"2158.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2158.24","end_time":"2158.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2158.49","end_time":"2158.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2158.7","end_time":"2159.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.01","end_time":"2159.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"components"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.56","end_time":"2159.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.67","end_time":"2159.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2159.89","end_time":"2160.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2160.27","end_time":"2161.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exploring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2161.03","end_time":"2161.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2161.13","end_time":"2161.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2161.91","end_time":"2162.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2162.33","end_time":"2162.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9655","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2162.77","end_time":"2162.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2162.82","end_time":"2163.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2163.0","end_time":"2163.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2163.23","end_time":"2163.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2163.34","end_time":"2164.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2164.06","end_time":"2164.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2164.34","end_time":"2164.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2164.5","end_time":"2165.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"patterns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2165.12","end_time":"2165.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2165.25","end_time":"2165.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"visual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2165.61","end_time":"2165.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2165.7","end_time":"2165.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2165.89","end_time":"2165.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2165.99","end_time":"2166.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2166.58","end_time":"2166.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.04","end_time":"2167.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.49","end_time":"2167.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.56","end_time":"2168.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.1","end_time":"2168.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.3","end_time":"2168.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.38","end_time":"2168.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2169.19","end_time":"2169.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prediction"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2169.86","end_time":"2170.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2170.16","end_time":"2170.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2170.33","end_time":"2170.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2170.41","end_time":"2170.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2170.49","end_time":"2170.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2170.84","end_time":"2170.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2170.96","end_time":"2171.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"machine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2171.35","end_time":"2171.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2172.06","end_time":"2172.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2172.36","end_time":"2172.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2172.53","end_time":"2172.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2172.71","end_time":"2172.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2172.85","end_time":"2173.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2173.58","end_time":"2173.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2173.78","end_time":"2173.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2173.84","end_time":"2173.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2173.95","end_time":"2174.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.35","end_time":"2174.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.49","end_time":"2174.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.73","end_time":"2174.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.8","end_time":"2175.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2176.98","end_time":"2177.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4068","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.08","end_time":"2177.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.22","end_time":"2177.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.36","end_time":"2177.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.53","end_time":"2178.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"informed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2178.09","end_time":"2178.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2178.48","end_time":"2178.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2178.61","end_time":"2178.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knowledge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2178.95","end_time":"2179.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2179.09","end_time":"2179.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2179.18","end_time":"2179.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2179.43","end_time":"2179.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2179.67","end_time":"2180.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2180.76","end_time":"2180.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2180.93","end_time":"2181.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2181.15","end_time":"2182.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"inferences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2182.1","end_time":"2182.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6577","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2182.93","end_time":"2183.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.23","end_time":"2183.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.36","end_time":"2183.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.81","end_time":"2183.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.93","end_time":"2184.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subject"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.39","end_time":"2184.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.47","end_time":"2185.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statistics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2185.73","end_time":"2185.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2185.91","end_time":"2186.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2186.51","end_time":"2187.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"observed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2187.06","end_time":"2187.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2187.12","end_time":"2187.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pattern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2187.89","end_time":"2188.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2188.56","end_time":"2188.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.72","end_time":"2188.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.8","end_time":"2188.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.91","end_time":"2189.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2189.16","end_time":"2189.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2189.39","end_time":"2190.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pattern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2190.36","end_time":"2190.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2190.8","end_time":"2191.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reliable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2191.8","end_time":"2192.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2192.0","end_time":"2192.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2192.24","end_time":"2192.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2192.29","end_time":"2192.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fluke"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2194.09","end_time":"2194.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9324","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2195.17","end_time":"2195.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.7","end_time":"2196.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6831","content":"randomize"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2196.36","end_time":"2196.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6275","content":"ation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2196.66","end_time":"2196.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9296","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2196.81","end_time":"2196.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7002","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2196.89","end_time":"2197.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7718","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2198.29","end_time":"2198.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9005","content":"tool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2198.93","end_time":"2199.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.08","end_time":"2199.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figuring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.47","end_time":"2199.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.68","end_time":"2199.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2199.9","end_time":"2200.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2200.22","end_time":"2200.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2200.61","end_time":"2200.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2200.75","end_time":"2201.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2201.16","end_time":"2201.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"significant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2201.78","end_time":"2201.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2201.85","end_time":"2202.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2204.8","end_time":"2205.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.21","end_time":"2205.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.33","end_time":"2205.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.51","end_time":"2205.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.481","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.63","end_time":"2205.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.481","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.71","end_time":"2206.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5087","content":"dio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2206.21","end_time":"2206.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2206.57","end_time":"2206.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8901","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2206.72","end_time":"2207.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2207.01","end_time":"2208.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"demonstration"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.5","end_time":"2208.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.66","end_time":"2209.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2209.05","end_time":"2209.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2209.32","end_time":"2209.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2209.58","end_time":"2209.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2209.72","end_time":"2209.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2209.93","end_time":"2210.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"interface"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.35","end_time":"2210.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.5","end_time":"2210.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7772","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.62","end_time":"2210.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.78","end_time":"2211.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2211.93","end_time":"2212.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.25","end_time":"2212.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.35","end_time":"2212.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.56","end_time":"2212.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.71","end_time":"2212.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.8","end_time":"2213.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"worry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.17","end_time":"2213.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.35","end_time":"2213.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.72","end_time":"2214.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.0","end_time":"2214.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.16","end_time":"2214.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.28","end_time":"2214.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.37","end_time":"2214.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.7","end_time":"2214.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.83","end_time":"2214.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.93","end_time":"2215.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8524","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.07","end_time":"2215.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8524","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.13","end_time":"2215.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2215.46","end_time":"2215.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.57","end_time":"2215.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.8","end_time":"2216.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2216.03","end_time":"2216.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2216.12","end_time":"2216.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2216.37","end_time":"2216.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2216.67","end_time":"2216.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2216.95","end_time":"2217.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.15","end_time":"2217.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.41","end_time":"2217.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.76","end_time":"2218.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interface"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.24","end_time":"2218.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.51","end_time":"2218.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2219.52","end_time":"2220.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2222.0","end_time":"2222.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9329","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2223.19","end_time":"2223.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2223.42","end_time":"2223.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2223.72","end_time":"2223.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2223.92","end_time":"2224.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.01","end_time":"2224.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.22","end_time":"2224.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.35","end_time":"2224.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.56","end_time":"2224.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.82","end_time":"2224.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.91","end_time":"2225.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7511","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.03","end_time":"2225.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.23","end_time":"2225.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.37","end_time":"2225.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.61","end_time":"2226.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2229.47","end_time":"2229.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8951","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2229.74","end_time":"2229.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2229.94","end_time":"2230.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2230.1","end_time":"2230.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2230.18","end_time":"2230.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2230.66","end_time":"2231.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2233.39","end_time":"2233.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.58","end_time":"2233.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.67","end_time":"2233.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.79","end_time":"2233.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.88","end_time":"2233.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.98","end_time":"2234.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"schedule"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.33","end_time":"2235.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.49","end_time":"2235.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.55","end_time":"2235.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.84","end_time":"2236.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.31","end_time":"2236.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"dc"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.69","end_time":"2236.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.95","end_time":"2237.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9653","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.15","end_time":"2237.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9652","content":"com"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2239.33","end_time":"2239.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2239.51","end_time":"2239.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2239.6","end_time":"2239.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9183","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2239.87","end_time":"2240.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2240.33","end_time":"2240.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2240.51","end_time":"2240.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2240.77","end_time":"2240.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2240.96","end_time":"2241.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.04","end_time":"2241.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2245.5","end_time":"2246.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.01","end_time":"2246.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.21","end_time":"2246.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.5","end_time":"2246.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.6","end_time":"2246.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.75","end_time":"2247.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2247.2","end_time":"2247.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"platform"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2247.71","end_time":"2247.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2247.88","end_time":"2248.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2248.01","end_time":"2248.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2248.17","end_time":"2248.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2248.58","end_time":"2249.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2249.73","end_time":"2250.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2250.05","end_time":"2250.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2250.34","end_time":"2250.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2250.44","end_time":"2250.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2250.93","end_time":"2251.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2251.03","end_time":"2251.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2251.31","end_time":"2251.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2251.67","end_time":"2251.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2252.06","end_time":"2252.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"Jupiter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2252.7","end_time":"2253.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2253.93","end_time":"2254.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2254.14","end_time":"2254.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2254.38","end_time":"2254.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2254.88","end_time":"2255.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Web"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2255.54","end_time":"2256.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2256.23","end_time":"2256.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"browser"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2256.77","end_time":"2257.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2258.23","end_time":"2258.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"tool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2258.71","end_time":"2258.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2258.88","end_time":"2259.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2259.93","end_time":"2260.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.22","end_time":"2261.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2261.03","end_time":"2262.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"technology"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2262.38","end_time":"2263.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2263.43","end_time":"2263.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"e"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2263.63","end_time":"2263.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"t"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2263.85","end_time":"2264.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2264.93","end_time":"2265.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"host"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2265.43","end_time":"2265.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.21","end_time":"2269.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.66","end_time":"2269.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.88","end_time":"2270.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"require"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2270.39","end_time":"2270.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2270.55","end_time":"2270.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2270.65","end_time":"2270.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2270.96","end_time":"2271.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.26","end_time":"2271.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9561","content":"ucsd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.92","end_time":"2272.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7416","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2272.14","end_time":"2272.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7272","content":"e"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2272.3","end_time":"2272.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7324","content":"d"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2272.48","end_time":"2272.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7284","content":"u"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2272.65","end_time":"2272.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8116","content":"e"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2272.84","end_time":"2273.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8097","content":"mail"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2276.63","end_time":"2276.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"Then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2276.85","end_time":"2276.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2276.89","end_time":"2277.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2277.14","end_time":"2277.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2279.0","end_time":"2279.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5107","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2279.45","end_time":"2279.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.513","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2279.6","end_time":"2279.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2279.75","end_time":"2279.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2279.87","end_time":"2280.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"credentials"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2285.99","end_time":"2286.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8591","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2289.71","end_time":"2290.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7887","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2290.61","end_time":"2290.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.77","end_time":"2290.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.92","end_time":"2291.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2291.11","end_time":"2291.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2291.3","end_time":"2291.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2291.68","end_time":"2292.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7577","content":"environments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2292.69","end_time":"2293.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.22","end_time":"2293.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.5","end_time":"2294.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.07","end_time":"2294.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.24","end_time":"2294.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9723","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.58","end_time":"2294.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9723","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.06","end_time":"2295.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.67","end_time":"2295.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.91","end_time":"2296.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"someone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.16","end_time":"2296.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.24","end_time":"2296.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.58","end_time":"2297.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"requested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2297.56","end_time":"2297.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2297.82","end_time":"2298.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8629","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2298.03","end_time":"2298.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2298.49","end_time":"2298.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"option"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2298.96","end_time":"2299.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2300.08","end_time":"2300.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6101","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2300.43","end_time":"2300.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2300.66","end_time":"2301.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confusing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2301.17","end_time":"2301.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2301.38","end_time":"2301.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2301.59","end_time":"2301.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2301.71","end_time":"2301.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2301.96","end_time":"2302.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"user"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2302.33","end_time":"2302.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"friendly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2303.29","end_time":"2303.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2303.56","end_time":"2303.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2303.72","end_time":"2303.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2303.84","end_time":"2303.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2303.93","end_time":"2304.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.08","end_time":"2304.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.22","end_time":"2304.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.43","end_time":"2304.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6704","content":"DSC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.89","end_time":"2305.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2305.8","end_time":"2306.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.04","end_time":"2306.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.27","end_time":"2306.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.45","end_time":"2306.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.59","end_time":"2306.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.7","end_time":"2306.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3rd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.99","end_time":"2307.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2307.56","end_time":"2307.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2307.76","end_time":"2307.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9765","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2307.96","end_time":"2308.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2308.15","end_time":"2308.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2308.42","end_time":"2308.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9462","content":"click"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2308.65","end_time":"2308.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2308.74","end_time":"2309.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3rd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2309.02","end_time":"2309.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2309.21","end_time":"2309.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Apparently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2309.71","end_time":"2310.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986999999999999","content":"1\/4"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2310.69","end_time":"2311.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.0","end_time":"2311.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.4","end_time":"2311.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.58","end_time":"2311.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"added"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.9","end_time":"2312.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.0","end_time":"2312.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.11","end_time":"2312.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.45","end_time":"2312.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.56","end_time":"2312.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.65","end_time":"2312.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"top"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.95","end_time":"2313.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2313.02","end_time":"2313.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2313.11","end_time":"2313.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2313.54","end_time":"2313.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2313.66","end_time":"2313.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2313.88","end_time":"2314.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.01","end_time":"2314.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.15","end_time":"2314.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.25","end_time":"2314.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.57","end_time":"2314.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"became"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.85","end_time":"2314.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.93","end_time":"2315.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"fourth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.49","end_time":"2315.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2315.71","end_time":"2315.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.91","end_time":"2316.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2316.44","end_time":"2316.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2316.64","end_time":"2316.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2316.95","end_time":"2317.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2317.26","end_time":"2317.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9642","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2317.45","end_time":"2317.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2317.72","end_time":"2318.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kept"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2318.04","end_time":"2318.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7233","content":"clicking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2318.37","end_time":"2318.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2318.45","end_time":"2318.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3rd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2318.73","end_time":"2318.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2318.93","end_time":"2319.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.12","end_time":"2319.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"though"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.24","end_time":"2319.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.31","end_time":"2319.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.52","end_time":"2319.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.67","end_time":"2320.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6777","content":"DSC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.07","end_time":"2320.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9011","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.33","end_time":"2320.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"anymore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2321.14","end_time":"2321.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2321.55","end_time":"2321.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2321.77","end_time":"2322.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2322.16","end_time":"2322.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2322.4","end_time":"2322.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2323.37","end_time":"2323.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.56","end_time":"2323.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.7","end_time":"2323.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.93","end_time":"2324.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5806","content":"DSC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2324.4","end_time":"2324.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"Town"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.02","end_time":"2326.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.25","end_time":"2326.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.99","end_time":"2327.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9722","content":"launch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.54","end_time":"2328.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"environment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2339.82","end_time":"2340.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2340.37","end_time":"2340.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2340.52","end_time":"2341.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2341.03","end_time":"2341.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2341.51","end_time":"2341.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5942","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2341.6","end_time":"2342.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"server"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.15","end_time":"2342.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.29","end_time":"2342.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2343.41","end_time":"2344.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2344.72","end_time":"2345.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.1","end_time":"2345.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.29","end_time":"2345.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"server"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.76","end_time":"2346.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2346.32","end_time":"2346.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2346.96","end_time":"2347.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2348.01","end_time":"2348.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2348.16","end_time":"2348.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2348.41","end_time":"2348.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2348.58","end_time":"2348.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2348.87","end_time":"2349.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2349.74","end_time":"2349.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2349.96","end_time":"2350.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.35","end_time":"2350.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.51","end_time":"2350.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9632","content":"click"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.79","end_time":"2350.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.92","end_time":"2351.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2351.18","end_time":"2351.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2352.32","end_time":"2352.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2352.46","end_time":"2352.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2352.63","end_time":"2352.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2352.72","end_time":"2352.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"click"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2352.99","end_time":"2353.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.11","end_time":"2353.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.52","end_time":"2354.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2354.11","end_time":"2354.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2354.27","end_time":"2354.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2354.65","end_time":"2355.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"logged"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.03","end_time":"2355.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.38","end_time":"2355.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9328","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.52","end_time":"2355.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.79","end_time":"2355.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.95","end_time":"2356.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9694","content":"grab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2356.63","end_time":"2356.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2356.73","end_time":"2357.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"files"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2357.76","end_time":"2358.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.02","end_time":"2358.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.14","end_time":"2358.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.22","end_time":"2358.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2358.83","end_time":"2359.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2359.18","end_time":"2359.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2359.56","end_time":"2359.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2359.83","end_time":"2360.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Web"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.05","end_time":"2360.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.33","end_time":"2360.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"system"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.7","end_time":"2360.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.82","end_time":"2361.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.15","end_time":"2361.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.34","end_time":"2361.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"making"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.7","end_time":"2361.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2361.76","end_time":"2362.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.44","end_time":"2362.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.62","end_time":"2362.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"files"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.97","end_time":"2363.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2363.12","end_time":"2363.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2363.22","end_time":"2363.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"provide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2363.84","end_time":"2364.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.04","end_time":"2364.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7206","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.16","end_time":"2364.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6872","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.24","end_time":"2364.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2364.52","end_time":"2364.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2364.96","end_time":"2365.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.13","end_time":"2365.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.25","end_time":"2365.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.39","end_time":"2365.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.45","end_time":"2365.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"local"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.84","end_time":"2366.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2366.22","end_time":"2366.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2366.36","end_time":"2366.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2366.45","end_time":"2366.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"files"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2366.78","end_time":"2366.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2366.88","end_time":"2367.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"provide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2367.28","end_time":"2367.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.37","end_time":"2367.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.59","end_time":"2367.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.69","end_time":"2367.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.86","end_time":"2367.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.96","end_time":"2368.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.48","end_time":"2368.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.61","end_time":"2368.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2369.29","end_time":"2370.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"administered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.02","end_time":"2370.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7699","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.14","end_time":"2370.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.31","end_time":"2370.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.43","end_time":"2370.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.61","end_time":"2371.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8731","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2371.98","end_time":"2372.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.41","end_time":"2372.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.7","end_time":"2373.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.08","end_time":"2373.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7805","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.14","end_time":"2373.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.24","end_time":"2373.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2373.63","end_time":"2373.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.86","end_time":"2374.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"grab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2374.21","end_time":"2374.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2374.24","end_time":"2374.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2374.64","end_time":"2374.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2374.81","end_time":"2374.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2374.95","end_time":"2375.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2375.41","end_time":"2375.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"files"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2375.83","end_time":"2375.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3777","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2375.94","end_time":"2376.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3915","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2376.04","end_time":"2376.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2376.25","end_time":"2376.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2376.34","end_time":"2376.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2376.79","end_time":"2377.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2377.06","end_time":"2377.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2377.18","end_time":"2377.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5971","content":"answers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2377.72","end_time":"2377.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2377.92","end_time":"2378.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2378.01","end_time":"2378.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2378.66","end_time":"2379.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9288","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2379.05","end_time":"2379.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"duplicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2379.64","end_time":"2379.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2379.85","end_time":"2380.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2380.03","end_time":"2380.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2380.11","end_time":"2380.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2380.22","end_time":"2380.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2380.39","end_time":"2380.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2380.44","end_time":"2380.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2380.8","end_time":"2381.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2381.36","end_time":"2381.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2381.55","end_time":"2382.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.05","end_time":"2382.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.16","end_time":"2382.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.54","end_time":"2382.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2382.96","end_time":"2383.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"system"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2383.74","end_time":"2384.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2384.16","end_time":"2384.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2384.67","end_time":"2385.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2385.01","end_time":"2385.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2385.08","end_time":"2385.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2385.52","end_time":"2385.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8317","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2385.88","end_time":"2385.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2385.99","end_time":"2386.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2386.14","end_time":"2386.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2386.44","end_time":"2386.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2386.65","end_time":"2386.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2386.9","end_time":"2386.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2387.0","end_time":"2387.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2389.26","end_time":"2389.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7682","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2389.51","end_time":"2389.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.67","end_time":"2389.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.81","end_time":"2389.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.89","end_time":"2390.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"taking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2390.18","end_time":"2390.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2390.24","end_time":"2390.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2390.46","end_time":"2390.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2391.28","end_time":"2391.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9371","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2391.64","end_time":"2391.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2391.88","end_time":"2392.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2392.43","end_time":"2392.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2392.74","end_time":"2392.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8103","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2392.83","end_time":"2392.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2392.94","end_time":"2393.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2393.02","end_time":"2393.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2393.39","end_time":"2393.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2395.32","end_time":"2395.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2395.59","end_time":"2395.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2395.71","end_time":"2396.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.0","end_time":"2396.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2396.82","end_time":"2397.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.01","end_time":"2397.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.17","end_time":"2397.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.34","end_time":"2397.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.54","end_time":"2397.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2398.32","end_time":"2398.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7687","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2399.1","end_time":"2399.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2399.3","end_time":"2399.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2399.48","end_time":"2399.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2399.65","end_time":"2399.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2399.89","end_time":"2400.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2400.0","end_time":"2400.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2400.09","end_time":"2400.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"files"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2400.6","end_time":"2400.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2400.71","end_time":"2400.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2400.95","end_time":"2401.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2401.93","end_time":"2402.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"folder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2402.76","end_time":"2402.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2402.99","end_time":"2403.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2403.09","end_time":"2403.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2403.46","end_time":"2403.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2404.57","end_time":"2404.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2404.95","end_time":"2405.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2405.07","end_time":"2405.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2405.19","end_time":"2405.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2405.26","end_time":"2405.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2405.66","end_time":"2405.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2405.94","end_time":"2406.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2407.36","end_time":"2407.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2407.98","end_time":"2408.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.06","end_time":"2408.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.39","end_time":"2409.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"pre"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2409.75","end_time":"2410.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"entered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.3","end_time":"2410.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.59","end_time":"2410.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.98","end_time":"2411.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2411.07","end_time":"2411.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2412.02","end_time":"2412.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2412.39","end_time":"2412.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2412.47","end_time":"2412.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2412.73","end_time":"2412.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2412.95","end_time":"2413.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2413.76","end_time":"2414.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"worry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2414.06","end_time":"2414.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2414.37","end_time":"2414.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2414.53","end_time":"2414.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2414.62","end_time":"2414.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2414.91","end_time":"2415.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2417.75","end_time":"2418.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2418.5","end_time":"2418.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9585","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2418.7","end_time":"2419.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2419.0","end_time":"2419.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2419.08","end_time":"2419.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2420.09","end_time":"2420.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.21","end_time":"2420.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.67","end_time":"2420.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.85","end_time":"2421.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.0","end_time":"2421.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cursor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.63","end_time":"2422.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"inside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.51","end_time":"2422.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.64","end_time":"2423.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.28","end_time":"2423.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"block"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.61","end_time":"2423.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.7","end_time":"2423.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9319","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.89","end_time":"2423.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9575","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.97","end_time":"2424.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.16","end_time":"2424.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6063","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.23","end_time":"2424.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9743","content":"Cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2424.98","end_time":"2425.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2425.16","end_time":"2425.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2425.22","end_time":"2425.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9345","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2425.4","end_time":"2425.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2425.84","end_time":"2426.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2427.01","end_time":"2427.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.15","end_time":"2427.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.36","end_time":"2427.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5492","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.59","end_time":"2427.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.65","end_time":"2427.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.78","end_time":"2427.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.87","end_time":"2427.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2427.99","end_time":"2428.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.1","end_time":"2428.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2429.39","end_time":"2429.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"Run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2429.78","end_time":"2430.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7609","content":"cells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2430.68","end_time":"2430.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2430.98","end_time":"2431.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2431.17","end_time":"2431.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2431.24","end_time":"2431.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2431.52","end_time":"2431.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2431.72","end_time":"2432.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.78","end_time":"2433.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2433.1","end_time":"2433.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6379","content":"Ron"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2433.41","end_time":"2433.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2433.59","end_time":"2433.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2433.74","end_time":"2434.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.03","end_time":"2434.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.26","end_time":"2434.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fastest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.74","end_time":"2435.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easiest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2435.12","end_time":"2435.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2435.27","end_time":"2435.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2435.38","end_time":"2435.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2435.5","end_time":"2435.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shift"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2435.9","end_time":"2436.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2437.81","end_time":"2438.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2438.88","end_time":"2439.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2439.03","end_time":"2439.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2439.3","end_time":"2439.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2439.46","end_time":"2439.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2439.54","end_time":"2439.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2439.73","end_time":"2439.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.638","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2439.78","end_time":"2440.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2440.06","end_time":"2440.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"women"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2442.9","end_time":"2443.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2443.26","end_time":"2443.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"person"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2444.16","end_time":"2444.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8598","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2445.03","end_time":"2445.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.24","end_time":"2445.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.4","end_time":"2445.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.49","end_time":"2445.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.77","end_time":"2446.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"famous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.13","end_time":"2446.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2446.47","end_time":"2446.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.56","end_time":"2447.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2447.06","end_time":"2447.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"classic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2447.52","end_time":"2447.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2447.63","end_time":"2448.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.0","end_time":"2448.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.17","end_time":"2448.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8514","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.24","end_time":"2448.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"either"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2448.57","end_time":"2448.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.96","end_time":"2449.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.17","end_time":"2449.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.33","end_time":"2449.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.48","end_time":"2449.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2452.04","end_time":"2453.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8713","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2453.22","end_time":"2453.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2453.4","end_time":"2453.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2453.54","end_time":"2454.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.02","end_time":"2454.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.27","end_time":"2454.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.77","end_time":"2455.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2455.42","end_time":"2455.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2455.62","end_time":"2456.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.14","end_time":"2456.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6155","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.82","end_time":"2457.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2457.09","end_time":"2457.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2457.81","end_time":"2458.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.39","end_time":"2458.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.71","end_time":"2459.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"analysis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2459.29","end_time":"2459.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4919","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2459.93","end_time":"2460.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2460.44","end_time":"2460.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2460.49","end_time":"2460.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2460.68","end_time":"2460.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2460.79","end_time":"2461.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.08","end_time":"2461.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.16","end_time":"2461.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.48","end_time":"2461.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.91","end_time":"2462.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2462.21","end_time":"2462.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2462.67","end_time":"2463.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8593","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2463.37","end_time":"2463.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2463.54","end_time":"2463.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2463.65","end_time":"2464.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"taking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2464.0","end_time":"2464.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2464.07","end_time":"2464.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7711","content":"shortcut"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2465.25","end_time":"2465.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.09","end_time":"2467.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.27","end_time":"2467.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.42","end_time":"2467.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.6","end_time":"2468.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2468.56","end_time":"2469.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"defining"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2469.09","end_time":"2469.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9445","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.11","end_time":"2470.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.48","end_time":"2470.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.61","end_time":"2470.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.71","end_time":"2470.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6223","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.91","end_time":"2471.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2471.55","end_time":"2471.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2471.99","end_time":"2472.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.12","end_time":"2472.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.53","end_time":"2472.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.96","end_time":"2473.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2473.2","end_time":"2473.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2473.49","end_time":"2474.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2474.83","end_time":"2475.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2475.07","end_time":"2475.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2475.5","end_time":"2475.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2475.72","end_time":"2475.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2475.93","end_time":"2476.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2476.59","end_time":"2476.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6323","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.66","end_time":"2476.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2477.24","end_time":"2477.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.15","end_time":"2478.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.3","end_time":"2478.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.47","end_time":"2478.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.62","end_time":"2478.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.71","end_time":"2478.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.95","end_time":"2479.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.26","end_time":"2479.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.52","end_time":"2479.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.61","end_time":"2480.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"details"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.0","end_time":"2480.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.08","end_time":"2480.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.22","end_time":"2480.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2480.41","end_time":"2480.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2481.25","end_time":"2481.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9629","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2481.74","end_time":"2481.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2481.92","end_time":"2482.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2482.01","end_time":"2482.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2482.23","end_time":"2482.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2482.59","end_time":"2483.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2483.86","end_time":"2484.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2484.14","end_time":"2484.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2484.57","end_time":"2484.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9375","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2484.78","end_time":"2485.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.04","end_time":"2485.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.3","end_time":"2485.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.58","end_time":"2486.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"somewhat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2486.06","end_time":"2486.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"readable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2486.64","end_time":"2486.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2486.79","end_time":"2487.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"telling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.09","end_time":"2487.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.18","end_time":"2487.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.29","end_time":"2487.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.67","end_time":"2487.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.74","end_time":"2487.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.98","end_time":"2488.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.13","end_time":"2488.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.34","end_time":"2488.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2489.28","end_time":"2489.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6545","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.34","end_time":"2489.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2489.9","end_time":"2490.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2490.17","end_time":"2490.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2490.43","end_time":"2490.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"naming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2492.51","end_time":"2492.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2492.84","end_time":"2492.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2492.92","end_time":"2493.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2493.22","end_time":"2493.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2493.33","end_time":"2494.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2494.67","end_time":"2494.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2494.8","end_time":"2495.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.21","end_time":"2496.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2496.1","end_time":"2496.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2498.38","end_time":"2499.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2499.25","end_time":"2499.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2499.35","end_time":"2499.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2499.8","end_time":"2500.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2500.13","end_time":"2500.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.41","end_time":"2501.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.82","end_time":"2502.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2502.0","end_time":"2502.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2502.08","end_time":"2502.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9686","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.25","end_time":"2503.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Project"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.82","end_time":"2504.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8436","content":"Gutenberg"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2504.56","end_time":"2504.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.73","end_time":"2505.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hosts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2505.75","end_time":"2506.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Elektronik"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2506.8","end_time":"2507.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Copies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2507.2","end_time":"2507.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2507.71","end_time":"2508.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"famous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.27","end_time":"2508.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"classic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.7","end_time":"2509.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"books"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2509.54","end_time":"2510.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2510.18","end_time":"2510.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2510.74","end_time":"2511.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"free"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.27","end_time":"2511.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.41","end_time":"2511.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.97","end_time":"2512.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.07","end_time":"2512.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.24","end_time":"2512.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.54","end_time":"2512.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.66","end_time":"2512.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.88","end_time":"2513.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2513.03","end_time":"2513.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2513.3","end_time":"2513.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2513.74","end_time":"2513.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2513.87","end_time":"2514.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2514.04","end_time":"2514.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2514.12","end_time":"2514.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2514.55","end_time":"2515.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8579","content":"reuse"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2515.03","end_time":"2515.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2515.87","end_time":"2516.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9773","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.11","end_time":"2516.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.23","end_time":"2516.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.35","end_time":"2516.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6568","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.55","end_time":"2516.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.73","end_time":"2516.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.99","end_time":"2517.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2517.16","end_time":"2517.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2517.25","end_time":"2517.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.888","content":"analyze"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2517.79","end_time":"2517.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2518.68","end_time":"2518.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2518.89","end_time":"2519.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2519.06","end_time":"2519.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2519.28","end_time":"2519.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2519.81","end_time":"2520.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.09","end_time":"2520.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.42","end_time":"2521.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.1","end_time":"2521.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2521.65","end_time":"2521.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9667","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.71","end_time":"2522.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9775","content":"character"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.17","end_time":"2522.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9775","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.28","end_time":"2522.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.44","end_time":"2522.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2522.5","end_time":"2523.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"letter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.04","end_time":"2523.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.25","end_time":"2523.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.82","end_time":"2524.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.4","end_time":"2524.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.52","end_time":"2525.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.09","end_time":"2525.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"symbol"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2526.24","end_time":"2526.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.39","end_time":"2527.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.55","end_time":"2527.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.75","end_time":"2528.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2528.13","end_time":"2528.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2528.26","end_time":"2528.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2528.99","end_time":"2529.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.18","end_time":"2529.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.28","end_time":"2529.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.53","end_time":"2529.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2530.01","end_time":"2530.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2530.59","end_time":"2530.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2530.76","end_time":"2531.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.25","end_time":"2531.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5172","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.42","end_time":"2531.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.66","end_time":"2532.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"formatted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2532.25","end_time":"2532.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2532.51","end_time":"2532.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7147","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2532.6","end_time":"2532.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2533.24","end_time":"2533.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2533.55","end_time":"2533.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9174","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2533.97","end_time":"2534.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2534.13","end_time":"2534.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2534.19","end_time":"2534.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2534.26","end_time":"2534.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2534.48","end_time":"2534.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2534.68","end_time":"2535.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.0","end_time":"2535.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2535.55","end_time":"2535.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9644","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.93","end_time":"2536.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"playing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2536.32","end_time":"2537.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6197","content":"Pilgrim's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.08","end_time":"2537.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9185","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.42","end_time":"2537.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9173","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.51","end_time":"2537.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8965","content":"Merry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.78","end_time":"2538.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9272","content":"Chris"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2538.17","end_time":"2538.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.5","end_time":"2538.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2539.48","end_time":"2539.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2539.86","end_time":"2539.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2539.95","end_time":"2540.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2540.59","end_time":"2540.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2541.16","end_time":"2541.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2541.51","end_time":"2541.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2542.27","end_time":"2542.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2542.62","end_time":"2542.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2542.73","end_time":"2543.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.04","end_time":"2543.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.19","end_time":"2543.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.33","end_time":"2543.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.5","end_time":"2544.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9215","content":"page"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2544.5","end_time":"2544.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9552","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2544.86","end_time":"2544.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2544.99","end_time":"2545.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9631","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.13","end_time":"2545.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.39","end_time":"2545.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2546.5","end_time":"2546.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2546.87","end_time":"2547.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8688","content":"centered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.58","end_time":"2547.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8487","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.9","end_time":"2548.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"press"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2548.21","end_time":"2548.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2548.56","end_time":"2548.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2548.65","end_time":"2549.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2549.02","end_time":"2549.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2549.19","end_time":"2549.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2549.34","end_time":"2549.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2549.42","end_time":"2549.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2549.66","end_time":"2550.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2550.34","end_time":"2550.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9292","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2551.13","end_time":"2551.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.32","end_time":"2551.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.52","end_time":"2551.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.81","end_time":"2552.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2552.12","end_time":"2552.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2552.32","end_time":"2552.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9704","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2552.52","end_time":"2553.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2553.07","end_time":"2553.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"ends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2553.84","end_time":"2554.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.09","end_time":"2554.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8054","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.6","end_time":"2555.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"abbreviation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2555.46","end_time":"2555.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2555.59","end_time":"2555.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2555.85","end_time":"2556.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.15","end_time":"2556.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2557.16","end_time":"2557.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2557.4","end_time":"2557.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.55","end_time":"2557.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.89","end_time":"2558.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.06","end_time":"2558.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9786","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.38","end_time":"2558.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.78","end_time":"2559.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.11","end_time":"2559.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"playing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.39","end_time":"2559.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7166","content":"pilgrims"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.91","end_time":"2560.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2560.11","end_time":"2560.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2560.19","end_time":"2560.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2560.58","end_time":"2561.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2561.44","end_time":"2561.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2561.6","end_time":"2561.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9442","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2561.89","end_time":"2562.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2562.24","end_time":"2562.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3585","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2562.57","end_time":"2562.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5029","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2562.63","end_time":"2562.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Merry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2562.88","end_time":"2563.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Christmas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2563.43","end_time":"2563.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2563.54","end_time":"2563.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2563.68","end_time":"2563.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2563.75","end_time":"2564.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2564.06","end_time":"2564.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2564.39","end_time":"2564.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7621","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2564.52","end_time":"2564.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2564.73","end_time":"2564.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8088","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2565.44","end_time":"2565.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2565.9","end_time":"2566.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.12","end_time":"2566.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.39","end_time":"2566.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.69","end_time":"2567.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2567.24","end_time":"2567.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2567.48","end_time":"2567.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2569.2","end_time":"2570.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"Don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2570.9","end_time":"2571.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apostrophe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2571.81","end_time":"2572.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2572.02","end_time":"2572.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2572.09","end_time":"2572.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"slash"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2572.57","end_time":"2573.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.03","end_time":"2573.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2573.47","end_time":"2573.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.61","end_time":"2573.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.81","end_time":"2573.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.99","end_time":"2574.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2574.45","end_time":"2575.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.04","end_time":"2575.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.18","end_time":"2575.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.46","end_time":"2575.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.65","end_time":"2575.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2575.88","end_time":"2576.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.31","end_time":"2576.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.49","end_time":"2576.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.64","end_time":"2576.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2576.94","end_time":"2577.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2577.27","end_time":"2577.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2580.27","end_time":"2580.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2580.44","end_time":"2580.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2580.62","end_time":"2580.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2580.77","end_time":"2580.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2580.83","end_time":"2581.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2581.13","end_time":"2581.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2581.27","end_time":"2581.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2581.38","end_time":"2581.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2581.57","end_time":"2581.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2581.64","end_time":"2581.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2581.87","end_time":"2581.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2581.99","end_time":"2582.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2582.75","end_time":"2582.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2582.93","end_time":"2583.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"storing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2583.4","end_time":"2583.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2583.48","end_time":"2583.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2583.83","end_time":"2584.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.64","end_time":"2585.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2585.86","end_time":"2586.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.04","end_time":"2586.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.13","end_time":"2586.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.3","end_time":"2586.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.36","end_time":"2586.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.49","end_time":"2586.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.56","end_time":"2586.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.67","end_time":"2586.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.72","end_time":"2586.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.97","end_time":"2587.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"readable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.43","end_time":"2587.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2588.67","end_time":"2588.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5595","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.83","end_time":"2588.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.99","end_time":"2589.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2589.07","end_time":"2589.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"print"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2589.46","end_time":"2590.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2590.33","end_time":"2590.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2590.56","end_time":"2590.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2590.73","end_time":"2590.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2590.9","end_time":"2591.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.43","end_time":"2591.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.64","end_time":"2591.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.71","end_time":"2591.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.93","end_time":"2592.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2592.15","end_time":"2592.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2592.42","end_time":"2592.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2594.66","end_time":"2594.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2594.89","end_time":"2595.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.06","end_time":"2595.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.22","end_time":"2595.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.41","end_time":"2595.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.57","end_time":"2595.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"E"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.72","end_time":"2596.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2596.03","end_time":"2596.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2596.33","end_time":"2596.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2597.4","end_time":"2597.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.6","end_time":"2597.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.7","end_time":"2597.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.79","end_time":"2598.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2598.08","end_time":"2598.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2598.17","end_time":"2598.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2598.69","end_time":"2598.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2598.87","end_time":"2599.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.09","end_time":"2599.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.38","end_time":"2599.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.46","end_time":"2599.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.59","end_time":"2600.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2600.04","end_time":"2600.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2600.27","end_time":"2600.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gosh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2600.63","end_time":"2600.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"Look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.73","end_time":"2600.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.79","end_time":"2600.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.97","end_time":"2601.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2602.56","end_time":"2603.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"47"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2603.41","end_time":"2604.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2604.41","end_time":"2604.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7421","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2605.15","end_time":"2605.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2605.37","end_time":"2605.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8296","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2605.52","end_time":"2605.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8072","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2605.59","end_time":"2606.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"begins"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2606.86","end_time":"2607.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2607.11","end_time":"2607.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2607.17","end_time":"2607.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"relatable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2607.72","end_time":"2608.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Christmas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2608.15","end_time":"2608.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2608.34","end_time":"2608.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2608.47","end_time":"2608.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Christmas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2608.93","end_time":"2609.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2609.29","end_time":"2609.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2609.44","end_time":"2610.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9567","content":"presents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2613.6","end_time":"2614.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.03","end_time":"2614.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.19","end_time":"2614.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.26","end_time":"2614.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.43","end_time":"2614.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.49","end_time":"2614.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.65","end_time":"2615.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2615.05","end_time":"2615.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.5","end_time":"2616.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.74","end_time":"2616.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.85","end_time":"2617.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"separate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2617.45","end_time":"2617.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.12","end_time":"2618.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.69","end_time":"2618.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.8","end_time":"2619.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2619.07","end_time":"2619.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2619.84","end_time":"2620.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"Maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.18","end_time":"2620.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.27","end_time":"2620.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.48","end_time":"2620.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.54","end_time":"2620.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.68","end_time":"2620.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.86","end_time":"2621.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"analysis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2621.4","end_time":"2621.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6702","content":"Unlike"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.89","end_time":"2622.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2622.41","end_time":"2622.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2622.87","end_time":"2623.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.01","end_time":"2623.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.26","end_time":"2623.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"likely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.56","end_time":"2623.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.64","end_time":"2623.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.98","end_time":"2624.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2625.2","end_time":"2625.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2625.51","end_time":"2625.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.71","end_time":"2625.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.8","end_time":"2626.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interesting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2626.23","end_time":"2626.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2626.91","end_time":"2627.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"To"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.08","end_time":"2627.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.34","end_time":"2627.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.63","end_time":"2627.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2627.81","end_time":"2627.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.87","end_time":"2628.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.19","end_time":"2628.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.33","end_time":"2628.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.42","end_time":"2628.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.61","end_time":"2628.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.69","end_time":"2628.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.76","end_time":"2629.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.05","end_time":"2629.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variety"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.5","end_time":"2629.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.66","end_time":"2630.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"books"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2630.07","end_time":"2630.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"across"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2630.43","end_time":"2630.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2630.74","end_time":"2631.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"genres"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.15","end_time":"2631.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.26","end_time":"2631.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2631.51","end_time":"2631.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"periods"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.89","end_time":"2632.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.0","end_time":"2632.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2632.26","end_time":"2632.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.68","end_time":"2632.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.89","end_time":"2633.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2633.06","end_time":"2633.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2633.26","end_time":"2633.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2633.4","end_time":"2633.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2633.67","end_time":"2633.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9717","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2634.01","end_time":"2634.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.47","end_time":"2634.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.8","end_time":"2635.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2635.05","end_time":"2635.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2635.13","end_time":"2635.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2635.48","end_time":"2636.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9159","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2636.67","end_time":"2636.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2637.14","end_time":"2637.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2637.93","end_time":"2638.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.17","end_time":"2638.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.33","end_time":"2638.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.57","end_time":"2638.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.93","end_time":"2639.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"giant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2639.56","end_time":"2639.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2639.97","end_time":"2640.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2640.97","end_time":"2641.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2641.88","end_time":"2642.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2642.09","end_time":"2642.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2642.21","end_time":"2642.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2642.36","end_time":"2642.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"separate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2642.97","end_time":"2643.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2643.42","end_time":"2643.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2643.55","end_time":"2644.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2645.28","end_time":"2645.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2645.46","end_time":"2645.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2645.55","end_time":"2645.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2645.64","end_time":"2645.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2645.88","end_time":"2646.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2646.04","end_time":"2646.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2646.18","end_time":"2646.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2646.42","end_time":"2647.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Microsoft"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2647.0","end_time":"2647.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2647.37","end_time":"2647.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2647.46","end_time":"2647.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2647.96","end_time":"2648.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.16","end_time":"2648.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.29","end_time":"2648.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2648.41","end_time":"2648.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2648.69","end_time":"2649.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6935","content":"Tow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2649.37","end_time":"2649.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2649.51","end_time":"2649.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2649.82","end_time":"2650.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2650.85","end_time":"2650.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2650.97","end_time":"2651.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.44","end_time":"2651.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.8","end_time":"2651.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2651.95","end_time":"2652.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2652.21","end_time":"2652.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2656.03","end_time":"2656.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Control"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2656.58","end_time":"2656.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6162","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2656.85","end_time":"2656.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3976","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2656.98","end_time":"2657.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9686","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2657.12","end_time":"2657.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9248","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2657.23","end_time":"2657.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9644","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2657.29","end_time":"2657.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2657.39","end_time":"2657.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5365","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2657.52","end_time":"2657.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"control"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2657.94","end_time":"2658.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9333","content":"efforts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2658.27","end_time":"2658.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9556","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2658.78","end_time":"2659.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9194","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2659.65","end_time":"2659.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2659.84","end_time":"2660.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2660.01","end_time":"2660.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2660.17","end_time":"2660.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2660.8","end_time":"2661.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2661.85","end_time":"2662.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"Type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.11","end_time":"2662.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9124","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.2","end_time":"2662.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.31","end_time":"2662.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.56","end_time":"2663.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2663.2","end_time":"2663.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2663.73","end_time":"2664.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.14","end_time":"2664.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.25","end_time":"2664.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.64","end_time":"2665.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2665.22","end_time":"2665.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2665.42","end_time":"2665.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2665.52","end_time":"2666.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.16","end_time":"2666.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.27","end_time":"2666.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.75","end_time":"2666.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.82","end_time":"2666.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.9","end_time":"2667.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2667.72","end_time":"2667.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2667.94","end_time":"2668.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.09","end_time":"2668.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.27","end_time":"2668.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.35","end_time":"2668.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.7","end_time":"2669.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"extra"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2669.21","end_time":"2669.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2669.61","end_time":"2670.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2670.89","end_time":"2671.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.17","end_time":"2671.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.3","end_time":"2671.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.37","end_time":"2672.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"beginning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2672.07","end_time":"2672.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2672.13","end_time":"2672.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2672.29","end_time":"2672.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"intro"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2672.6","end_time":"2673.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2673.08","end_time":"2673.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2673.3","end_time":"2673.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2673.53","end_time":"2673.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2673.65","end_time":"2673.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2673.97","end_time":"2675.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2675.05","end_time":"2675.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.49","end_time":"2676.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.59","end_time":"2676.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.73","end_time":"2676.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.86","end_time":"2676.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.98","end_time":"2677.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2677.06","end_time":"2677.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2678.28","end_time":"2678.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2678.53","end_time":"2678.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2678.63","end_time":"2678.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2678.86","end_time":"2679.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quickly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.26","end_time":"2679.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.37","end_time":"2679.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.6","end_time":"2679.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.73","end_time":"2680.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"identify"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2681.09","end_time":"2681.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2681.49","end_time":"2681.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2681.87","end_time":"2682.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.09","end_time":"2682.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9425","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.28","end_time":"2682.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7598","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.4","end_time":"2682.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6495","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.6","end_time":"2682.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.93","end_time":"2683.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8469","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.17","end_time":"2683.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4431","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.3","end_time":"2683.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4431","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.45","end_time":"2683.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.66","end_time":"2683.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2684.22","end_time":"2685.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2686.31","end_time":"2686.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2686.47","end_time":"2686.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2686.6","end_time":"2686.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2686.66","end_time":"2686.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2686.79","end_time":"2686.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2686.86","end_time":"2687.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2687.27","end_time":"2687.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2687.56","end_time":"2688.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Split"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2689.18","end_time":"2689.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2689.43","end_time":"2689.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2689.8","end_time":"2689.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2689.96","end_time":"2690.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"giant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2690.45","end_time":"2690.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2690.83","end_time":"2691.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2691.58","end_time":"2691.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2691.8","end_time":"2692.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"separates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2692.51","end_time":"2692.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2693.06","end_time":"2693.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2693.37","end_time":"2693.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chunks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2693.94","end_time":"2694.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2694.25","end_time":"2694.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2694.43","end_time":"2694.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2694.69","end_time":"2694.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2694.79","end_time":"2695.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2695.09","end_time":"2695.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2695.66","end_time":"2696.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appears"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2696.68","end_time":"2696.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2696.81","end_time":"2696.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2696.9","end_time":"2697.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2697.02","end_time":"2697.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2697.11","end_time":"2697.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2697.35","end_time":"2697.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2697.49","end_time":"2697.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6016","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2697.94","end_time":"2698.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2698.08","end_time":"2698.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2698.22","end_time":"2698.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2698.3","end_time":"2698.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2698.53","end_time":"2699.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.26","end_time":"2699.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.36","end_time":"2699.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.47","end_time":"2699.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.52","end_time":"2699.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.77","end_time":"2700.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.0","end_time":"2700.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6535","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.44","end_time":"2700.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.54","end_time":"2700.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.67","end_time":"2700.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.75","end_time":"2700.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2700.98","end_time":"2701.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2701.56","end_time":"2701.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2701.68","end_time":"2701.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2701.79","end_time":"2701.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2701.84","end_time":"2702.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2702.07","end_time":"2702.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2702.25","end_time":"2702.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4649","content":"Texan"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2702.63","end_time":"2702.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2702.71","end_time":"2702.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9805","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2702.93","end_time":"2703.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2703.66","end_time":"2703.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9278","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2703.82","end_time":"2704.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2704.0","end_time":"2704.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2704.08","end_time":"2704.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"separates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2704.63","end_time":"2704.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2704.71","end_time":"2704.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2704.92","end_time":"2705.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.15","end_time":"2705.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"blocks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.66","end_time":"2705.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.78","end_time":"2705.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2705.99","end_time":"2706.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.15","end_time":"2706.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.33","end_time":"2706.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.79","end_time":"2706.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.88","end_time":"2707.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2707.19","end_time":"2707.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2707.62","end_time":"2707.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2707.71","end_time":"2708.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2708.39","end_time":"2708.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2708.64","end_time":"2708.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2708.82","end_time":"2709.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.33","end_time":"2709.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.51","end_time":"2709.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.86","end_time":"2709.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.97","end_time":"2710.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2710.32","end_time":"2710.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"instances"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2710.82","end_time":"2711.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2712.89","end_time":"2713.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.19","end_time":"2713.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.26","end_time":"2713.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.41","end_time":"2713.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.58","end_time":"2713.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.79","end_time":"2713.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.9","end_time":"2713.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.98","end_time":"2714.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2714.94","end_time":"2715.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2715.12","end_time":"2715.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2715.27","end_time":"2715.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2715.35","end_time":"2715.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2716.11","end_time":"2716.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2716.51","end_time":"2716.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2716.82","end_time":"2717.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.54","end_time":"2718.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2718.12","end_time":"2718.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2718.25","end_time":"2718.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2718.34","end_time":"2718.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2718.63","end_time":"2719.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2723.59","end_time":"2723.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.84","end_time":"2724.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2724.13","end_time":"2724.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2726.73","end_time":"2727.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9401","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2728.76","end_time":"2728.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2728.97","end_time":"2729.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2729.4","end_time":"2729.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"broke"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2729.69","end_time":"2729.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2729.79","end_time":"2730.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.08","end_time":"2730.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.33","end_time":"2730.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.45","end_time":"2730.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2730.87","end_time":"2731.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2731.86","end_time":"2732.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2732.31","end_time":"2732.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2732.65","end_time":"2732.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2732.75","end_time":"2733.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2733.08","end_time":"2733.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2733.48","end_time":"2733.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2733.58","end_time":"2734.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2734.16","end_time":"2734.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2734.38","end_time":"2734.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2734.73","end_time":"2735.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2735.15","end_time":"2735.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9472","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2735.57","end_time":"2735.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9736","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2735.68","end_time":"2735.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2735.92","end_time":"2736.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2736.41","end_time":"2736.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2737.19","end_time":"2737.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2737.7","end_time":"2737.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2737.99","end_time":"2738.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.13","end_time":"2738.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.46","end_time":"2738.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5815","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.6","end_time":"2738.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2738.81","end_time":"2738.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2738.9","end_time":"2739.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"title"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2739.79","end_time":"2740.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"playing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2740.19","end_time":"2740.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.821","content":"pilgrims"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2740.76","end_time":"2740.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2740.96","end_time":"2741.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2741.12","end_time":"2741.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2741.22","end_time":"2741.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2741.45","end_time":"2741.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2741.53","end_time":"2741.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2741.91","end_time":"2742.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Christmas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2742.29","end_time":"2742.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2742.46","end_time":"2742.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2742.55","end_time":"2742.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Christmas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2742.97","end_time":"2743.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2743.28","end_time":"2743.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2743.42","end_time":"2743.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8826","content":"presents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2744.46","end_time":"2744.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7159","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2744.53","end_time":"2744.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9479","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2744.7","end_time":"2744.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2744.87","end_time":"2745.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.02","end_time":"2745.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.09","end_time":"2745.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.35","end_time":"2745.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.51","end_time":"2745.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.58","end_time":"2745.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2745.78","end_time":"2746.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2746.19","end_time":"2746.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appears"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2746.57","end_time":"2746.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9728","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2746.74","end_time":"2747.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"followed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2747.04","end_time":"2747.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2747.18","end_time":"2747.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8854","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2747.56","end_time":"2747.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9484","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2747.74","end_time":"2747.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9095","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2747.85","end_time":"2748.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2748.06","end_time":"2748.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2748.42","end_time":"2748.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8814","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.15","end_time":"2749.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.32","end_time":"2749.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.44","end_time":"2749.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.53","end_time":"2749.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"title"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.9","end_time":"2749.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.96","end_time":"2750.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.15","end_time":"2750.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.28","end_time":"2750.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.43","end_time":"2750.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.5","end_time":"2750.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Merry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.78","end_time":"2751.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Christmas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2751.38","end_time":"2751.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2751.52","end_time":"2751.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2752.09","end_time":"2752.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2752.2","end_time":"2752.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2752.58","end_time":"2752.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2752.71","end_time":"2753.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2753.39","end_time":"2753.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2753.71","end_time":"2754.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2755.59","end_time":"2755.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2755.7","end_time":"2756.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2756.86","end_time":"2757.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2757.2","end_time":"2757.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2757.33","end_time":"2757.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2764.03","end_time":"2764.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2764.19","end_time":"2764.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2764.87","end_time":"2765.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.01","end_time":"2765.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.12","end_time":"2765.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.47","end_time":"2765.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"tables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.81","end_time":"2765.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9053","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2765.92","end_time":"2766.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.14","end_time":"2766.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"shows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.38","end_time":"2766.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.55","end_time":"2766.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2766.86","end_time":"2767.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7904","content":"rows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2768.18","end_time":"2768.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2770.87","end_time":"2770.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2770.99","end_time":"2771.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9002","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2771.17","end_time":"2771.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2771.4","end_time":"2771.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2771.67","end_time":"2771.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.54","end_time":"2772.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9497","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.69","end_time":"2772.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.82","end_time":"2772.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2772.91","end_time":"2773.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2773.06","end_time":"2773.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2773.14","end_time":"2773.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2773.4","end_time":"2773.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2773.92","end_time":"2774.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.748","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2774.66","end_time":"2775.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9508","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2775.35","end_time":"2775.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2775.47","end_time":"2775.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"pull"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2775.9","end_time":"2776.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2776.21","end_time":"2776.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2776.32","end_time":"2776.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2777.16","end_time":"2777.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2777.79","end_time":"2777.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2777.97","end_time":"2778.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2779.62","end_time":"2779.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2779.8","end_time":"2780.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2780.01","end_time":"2780.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2780.69","end_time":"2780.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2780.8","end_time":"2780.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2780.93","end_time":"2781.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.1","end_time":"2781.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.2","end_time":"2781.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.47","end_time":"2781.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rid"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.65","end_time":"2781.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.75","end_time":"2781.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.83","end_time":"2782.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2782.32","end_time":"2782.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2782.43","end_time":"2782.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2782.5","end_time":"2782.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8704","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2782.58","end_time":"2782.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2782.74","end_time":"2782.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2782.83","end_time":"2783.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2783.05","end_time":"2783.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rid"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2783.19","end_time":"2783.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2783.32","end_time":"2783.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2784.34","end_time":"2784.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2785.42","end_time":"2785.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2785.54","end_time":"2786.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9746","content":"titles"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2786.04","end_time":"2786.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2786.14","end_time":"2786.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2786.33","end_time":"2786.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2786.75","end_time":"2786.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2786.87","end_time":"2786.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2786.98","end_time":"2787.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2787.06","end_time":"2787.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2787.78","end_time":"2788.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.07","end_time":"2788.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.19","end_time":"2788.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.31","end_time":"2788.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.57","end_time":"2788.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.94","end_time":"2789.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2789.25","end_time":"2789.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2789.52","end_time":"2789.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2789.67","end_time":"2789.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2789.92","end_time":"2790.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9781","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2790.31","end_time":"2790.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2790.53","end_time":"2790.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2790.73","end_time":"2791.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.43","end_time":"2792.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.61","end_time":"2792.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9507","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.68","end_time":"2793.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2793.11","end_time":"2793.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2793.71","end_time":"2794.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9481","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2794.0","end_time":"2794.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2794.14","end_time":"2794.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2794.43","end_time":"2794.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2794.48","end_time":"2794.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.16","end_time":"2795.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.31","end_time":"2795.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.4","end_time":"2795.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"beginning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.75","end_time":"2795.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.82","end_time":"2795.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.88","end_time":"2796.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2796.45","end_time":"2796.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2796.54","end_time":"2796.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2796.72","end_time":"2796.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2796.86","end_time":"2797.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2797.23","end_time":"2797.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8792","content":"Joe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2797.72","end_time":"2797.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8684","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2797.79","end_time":"2798.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8766","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2799.58","end_time":"2800.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"Joe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.06","end_time":"2800.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.22","end_time":"2800.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.32","end_time":"2800.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.67","end_time":"2800.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.88","end_time":"2800.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.98","end_time":"2801.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2801.32","end_time":"2801.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9103","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2801.64","end_time":"2801.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2801.85","end_time":"2801.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2801.93","end_time":"2802.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2802.23","end_time":"2802.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2802.4","end_time":"2802.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2802.49","end_time":"2802.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2802.81","end_time":"2803.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2803.18","end_time":"2803.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8577","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2803.53","end_time":"2803.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2803.71","end_time":"2803.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2803.86","end_time":"2803.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2803.98","end_time":"2804.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2804.16","end_time":"2804.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2804.24","end_time":"2804.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2804.34","end_time":"2804.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2804.65","end_time":"2804.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"step"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2804.94","end_time":"2805.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2805.1","end_time":"2805.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2805.41","end_time":"2805.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2805.5","end_time":"2805.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2805.7","end_time":"2805.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2805.87","end_time":"2805.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2805.96","end_time":"2806.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2806.16","end_time":"2806.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7745","content":"Tow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2806.72","end_time":"2806.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.61","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2806.78","end_time":"2807.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.13","end_time":"2807.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.32","end_time":"2807.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.68","end_time":"2807.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.8","end_time":"2808.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2808.09","end_time":"2808.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2808.4","end_time":"2808.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2808.68","end_time":"2808.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2808.77","end_time":"2809.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2809.06","end_time":"2809.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2812.18","end_time":"2812.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.63","end_time":"2812.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.73","end_time":"2813.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2813.0","end_time":"2813.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2813.12","end_time":"2813.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2813.62","end_time":"2814.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2814.36","end_time":"2814.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2815.0","end_time":"2815.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2815.53","end_time":"2816.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2816.0","end_time":"2816.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2816.16","end_time":"2816.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2816.52","end_time":"2816.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2816.84","end_time":"2817.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2817.38","end_time":"2817.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2817.55","end_time":"2818.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2818.91","end_time":"2819.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2819.01","end_time":"2819.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2819.14","end_time":"2819.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2819.34","end_time":"2819.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2819.46","end_time":"2819.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2819.54","end_time":"2819.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2819.85","end_time":"2819.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2819.92","end_time":"2820.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2820.02","end_time":"2820.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2820.22","end_time":"2820.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2820.33","end_time":"2820.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2820.42","end_time":"2820.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2820.77","end_time":"2820.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2820.99","end_time":"2821.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2821.08","end_time":"2821.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2821.29","end_time":"2821.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.02","end_time":"2822.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.661","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.17","end_time":"2822.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.38","end_time":"2822.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.5","end_time":"2822.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.56","end_time":"2822.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"physical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.95","end_time":"2823.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.28","end_time":"2823.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.38","end_time":"2823.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.48","end_time":"2823.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.78","end_time":"2823.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8901","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.91","end_time":"2824.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.01","end_time":"2824.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.26","end_time":"2824.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.32","end_time":"2824.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"annoying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.73","end_time":"2824.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6804","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.9","end_time":"2825.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2825.74","end_time":"2825.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2825.98","end_time":"2826.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2826.54","end_time":"2827.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"47"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2827.28","end_time":"2827.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2827.57","end_time":"2828.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.23","end_time":"2828.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.42","end_time":"2828.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7573","content":"flip"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.66","end_time":"2828.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.76","end_time":"2828.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.85","end_time":"2829.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2829.05","end_time":"2829.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2829.78","end_time":"2830.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2830.27","end_time":"2830.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9104","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2830.5","end_time":"2830.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2830.7","end_time":"2830.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9591","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2830.78","end_time":"2831.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2831.03","end_time":"2831.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2831.29","end_time":"2831.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2831.38","end_time":"2831.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2831.95","end_time":"2832.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8474","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2832.14","end_time":"2832.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.27","end_time":"2832.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6639","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.42","end_time":"2832.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.56","end_time":"2832.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.65","end_time":"2832.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.83","end_time":"2833.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easily"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2833.28","end_time":"2833.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2833.49","end_time":"2833.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2833.79","end_time":"2834.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2834.28","end_time":"2834.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2834.61","end_time":"2834.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2834.83","end_time":"2835.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2835.83","end_time":"2835.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2835.97","end_time":"2836.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.12","end_time":"2836.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.36","end_time":"2836.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.52","end_time":"2836.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.62","end_time":"2836.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"power"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.96","end_time":"2837.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2837.07","end_time":"2837.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2838.69","end_time":"2838.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2838.85","end_time":"2839.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8789","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2839.06","end_time":"2839.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8841","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2839.12","end_time":"2839.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"count"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2840.78","end_time":"2841.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2841.07","end_time":"2841.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2841.24","end_time":"2841.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2841.58","end_time":"2841.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2841.8","end_time":"2842.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2842.04","end_time":"2842.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"character's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2842.58","end_time":"2842.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2842.85","end_time":"2843.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"appear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2844.24","end_time":"2844.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2844.42","end_time":"2844.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7416","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2844.52","end_time":"2844.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2844.75","end_time":"2844.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2844.83","end_time":"2844.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2844.91","end_time":"2845.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9693","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2845.49","end_time":"2846.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2846.21","end_time":"2846.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2846.47","end_time":"2846.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2846.62","end_time":"2846.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2846.81","end_time":"2846.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2846.99","end_time":"2847.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9414","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2847.21","end_time":"2847.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5225","content":"Lori"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2847.73","end_time":"2848.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"Amy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2848.34","end_time":"2848.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9197","content":"Jo"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2848.86","end_time":"2849.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2849.0","end_time":"2849.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9605","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2849.12","end_time":"2849.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2849.78","end_time":"2850.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7714","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2851.18","end_time":"2852.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2852.09","end_time":"2852.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2852.3","end_time":"2852.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2852.52","end_time":"2852.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2852.91","end_time":"2853.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2853.09","end_time":"2853.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8139","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2853.23","end_time":"2853.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"character's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2853.8","end_time":"2854.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2854.02","end_time":"2854.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"appear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2854.78","end_time":"2854.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2854.92","end_time":"2855.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.01","end_time":"2855.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.22","end_time":"2855.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7683","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.31","end_time":"2855.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.43","end_time":"2855.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.709","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.55","end_time":"2855.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.71","end_time":"2856.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2856.14","end_time":"2856.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2856.25","end_time":"2856.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2856.35","end_time":"2856.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"imagine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2856.72","end_time":"2856.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2856.92","end_time":"2857.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2857.12","end_time":"2857.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2857.34","end_time":"2857.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2858.37","end_time":"2858.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2859.01","end_time":"2859.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.34","end_time":"2859.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.46","end_time":"2859.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.62","end_time":"2859.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.93","end_time":"2860.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6494","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2860.01","end_time":"2860.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"person's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2860.42","end_time":"2860.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2860.65","end_time":"2861.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appears"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.11","end_time":"2861.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.26","end_time":"2861.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.5","end_time":"2861.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.8","end_time":"2861.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.87","end_time":"2861.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7493","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.95","end_time":"2862.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.18","end_time":"2862.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.3","end_time":"2862.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2862.88","end_time":"2863.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2863.15","end_time":"2863.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"several"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2863.5","end_time":"2863.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2863.91","end_time":"2864.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9849","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2865.25","end_time":"2865.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.4","end_time":"2865.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.56","end_time":"2865.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.79","end_time":"2865.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.88","end_time":"2866.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2866.01","end_time":"2866.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2866.29","end_time":"2866.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2866.56","end_time":"2867.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2867.4","end_time":"2867.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"Times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2867.8","end_time":"2868.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"47"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.39","end_time":"2868.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.67","end_time":"2869.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.36","end_time":"2869.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9369","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2869.58","end_time":"2869.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9586","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.9","end_time":"2870.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2870.35","end_time":"2870.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2870.5","end_time":"2870.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2870.6","end_time":"2870.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2870.72","end_time":"2870.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2870.9","end_time":"2871.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.08","end_time":"2871.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2872.58","end_time":"2872.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7904","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2874.78","end_time":"2875.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.63","end_time":"2875.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.82","end_time":"2876.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.01","end_time":"2876.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.08","end_time":"2876.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"computer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.52","end_time":"2876.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.68","end_time":"2876.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2876.88","end_time":"2876.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9591","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2876.95","end_time":"2877.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.08","end_time":"2877.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.2","end_time":"2877.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.5","end_time":"2877.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7205","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.57","end_time":"2877.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.71","end_time":"2877.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2879.38","end_time":"2879.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2879.55","end_time":"2879.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2879.75","end_time":"2879.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2882.71","end_time":"2883.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2884.96","end_time":"2885.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2886.91","end_time":"2887.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.31","end_time":"2887.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.73","end_time":"2887.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.95","end_time":"2888.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2888.09","end_time":"2888.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2888.34","end_time":"2888.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2888.6","end_time":"2889.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quickly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2889.03","end_time":"2889.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2889.17","end_time":"2889.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2889.26","end_time":"2889.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displayed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2889.85","end_time":"2889.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2889.98","end_time":"2890.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"visually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2891.07","end_time":"2891.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2891.34","end_time":"2891.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.51","end_time":"2891.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.74","end_time":"2891.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.81","end_time":"2891.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.89","end_time":"2892.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.39","end_time":"2892.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.51","end_time":"2892.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.59","end_time":"2892.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8732","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.76","end_time":"2893.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2893.57","end_time":"2894.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"plot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2894.58","end_time":"2894.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2894.7","end_time":"2895.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2895.22","end_time":"2895.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2895.41","end_time":"2895.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2895.65","end_time":"2895.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2895.85","end_time":"2896.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2896.92","end_time":"2897.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2897.03","end_time":"2897.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tabular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2897.62","end_time":"2898.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"representation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.28","end_time":"2898.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.38","end_time":"2898.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.45","end_time":"2898.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2898.69","end_time":"2898.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.82","end_time":"2898.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.87","end_time":"2899.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2899.18","end_time":"2899.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9722","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2899.24","end_time":"2900.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7124","content":"visualization"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2900.1","end_time":"2900.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2900.21","end_time":"2900.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2900.3","end_time":"2900.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2901.11","end_time":"2901.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2901.4","end_time":"2901.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2901.54","end_time":"2901.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9173","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2901.8","end_time":"2901.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2901.86","end_time":"2902.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2902.19","end_time":"2902.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"plot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2902.58","end_time":"2902.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2903.24","end_time":"2903.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2903.63","end_time":"2903.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2903.89","end_time":"2904.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2904.01","end_time":"2904.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"horizontal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2904.54","end_time":"2904.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"axis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2904.98","end_time":"2905.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2905.13","end_time":"2905.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2905.23","end_time":"2905.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8858","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2905.82","end_time":"2906.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9696","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2906.07","end_time":"2906.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2906.28","end_time":"2906.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"47"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2906.91","end_time":"2907.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"chapters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2908.02","end_time":"2908.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2908.17","end_time":"2908.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2908.4","end_time":"2908.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2908.61","end_time":"2908.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8994","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2908.72","end_time":"2909.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2909.01","end_time":"2909.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.35","end_time":"2910.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.62","end_time":"2910.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.87","end_time":"2911.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2911.49","end_time":"2911.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2911.76","end_time":"2912.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"character's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2912.26","end_time":"2912.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2912.54","end_time":"2912.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2912.84","end_time":"2913.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appeared"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2913.46","end_time":"2913.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2913.76","end_time":"2914.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2914.03","end_time":"2914.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"throughout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2914.4","end_time":"2914.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2914.48","end_time":"2914.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2915.54","end_time":"2915.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2915.79","end_time":"2915.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2915.97","end_time":"2916.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cumulative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2916.62","end_time":"2916.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.78","end_time":"2916.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.92","end_time":"2917.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2917.12","end_time":"2917.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2917.31","end_time":"2917.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6754","content":"grafts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2917.62","end_time":"2917.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9383","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2917.72","end_time":"2918.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"increasing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2918.31","end_time":"2918.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6697","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2918.55","end_time":"2918.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5764","content":"Lee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2919.0","end_time":"2919.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2919.77","end_time":"2920.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2920.09","end_time":"2920.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2920.25","end_time":"2920.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2920.41","end_time":"2920.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9671","content":"character's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2920.89","end_time":"2921.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2921.08","end_time":"2921.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"isn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2921.35","end_time":"2921.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2921.71","end_time":"2921.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2921.83","end_time":"2922.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2922.08","end_time":"2922.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2922.25","end_time":"2922.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9535","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2922.32","end_time":"2922.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9535","content":"while"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2923.08","end_time":"2923.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2923.24","end_time":"2923.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"total"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2923.58","end_time":"2923.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2923.82","end_time":"2923.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2923.94","end_time":"2924.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2924.53","end_time":"2924.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2924.72","end_time":"2924.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"stay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2924.93","end_time":"2925.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.0","end_time":"2925.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2925.32","end_time":"2925.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"never"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.57","end_time":"2925.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.69","end_time":"2926.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2926.64","end_time":"2926.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2926.87","end_time":"2927.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2927.03","end_time":"2927.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2927.22","end_time":"2927.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2927.48","end_time":"2928.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"increasing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2928.87","end_time":"2929.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.48","end_time":"2929.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.66","end_time":"2929.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2929.82","end_time":"2930.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2930.15","end_time":"2930.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2930.34","end_time":"2930.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2930.71","end_time":"2930.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2930.96","end_time":"2931.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2931.04","end_time":"2931.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2931.25","end_time":"2931.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"despite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2931.62","end_time":"2931.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2931.81","end_time":"2932.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.07","end_time":"2932.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.29","end_time":"2932.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2932.65","end_time":"2932.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9785","content":"Who's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.89","end_time":"2932.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.98","end_time":"2933.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2933.22","end_time":"2933.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"character"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2935.27","end_time":"2935.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9041","content":"Joe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.01","end_time":"2936.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8659","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2936.44","end_time":"2936.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.61","end_time":"2936.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.81","end_time":"2936.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.93","end_time":"2937.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2937.28","end_time":"2937.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8253","content":"Joe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2938.57","end_time":"2938.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7753","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2938.89","end_time":"2939.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2939.23","end_time":"2939.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2939.94","end_time":"2940.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.11","end_time":"2940.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.31","end_time":"2940.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.61","end_time":"2940.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.79","end_time":"2940.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.83","end_time":"2941.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.01","end_time":"2941.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.37","end_time":"2941.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.58","end_time":"2941.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.66","end_time":"2941.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2941.9","end_time":"2942.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2944.17","end_time":"2944.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2944.86","end_time":"2945.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.06","end_time":"2945.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.1","end_time":"2945.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.31","end_time":"2945.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.5","end_time":"2945.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2946.47","end_time":"2947.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2949.37","end_time":"2949.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9027","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2949.51","end_time":"2949.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9033","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2949.7","end_time":"2949.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2949.92","end_time":"2950.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9809","content":"Here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2950.15","end_time":"2950.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2950.3","end_time":"2950.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2950.66","end_time":"2950.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2950.87","end_time":"2950.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2950.96","end_time":"2951.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2951.92","end_time":"2952.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2952.13","end_time":"2952.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2952.21","end_time":"2952.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2952.55","end_time":"2953.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.684","content":"graph"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2958.61","end_time":"2958.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2958.77","end_time":"2958.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2958.95","end_time":"2959.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2959.12","end_time":"2959.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2959.18","end_time":"2959.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2959.51","end_time":"2960.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8417","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2960.01","end_time":"2960.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.16","end_time":"2960.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.27","end_time":"2960.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.36","end_time":"2960.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.52","end_time":"2960.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.63","end_time":"2961.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2961.22","end_time":"2961.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2961.4","end_time":"2961.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9535","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2961.55","end_time":"2961.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2963.51","end_time":"2963.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2963.8","end_time":"2964.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.02","end_time":"2964.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.2","end_time":"2964.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.37","end_time":"2964.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.41","end_time":"2964.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.63","end_time":"2964.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.97","end_time":"2965.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.07","end_time":"2965.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.25","end_time":"2965.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.22","end_time":"2966.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.43","end_time":"2966.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.63","end_time":"2966.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.75","end_time":"2967.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2967.14","end_time":"2968.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"27"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2968.18","end_time":"2968.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4679","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2968.36","end_time":"2968.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8628","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2968.46","end_time":"2968.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2968.78","end_time":"2969.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2969.55","end_time":"2969.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2970.2","end_time":"2971.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8804","content":"Joe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2971.52","end_time":"2971.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2971.64","end_time":"2971.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2971.89","end_time":"2972.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"character"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2972.9","end_time":"2973.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"moves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2973.27","end_time":"2973.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2973.39","end_time":"2973.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"New"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2973.57","end_time":"2973.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"York"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2973.93","end_time":"2974.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"alone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2974.88","end_time":"2975.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2975.88","end_time":"2976.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Whenever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2976.27","end_time":"2976.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2976.65","end_time":"2976.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"moves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2976.91","end_time":"2977.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2977.11","end_time":"2977.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2977.38","end_time":"2977.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2977.52","end_time":"2977.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2977.69","end_time":"2977.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2977.77","end_time":"2977.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2977.96","end_time":"2978.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.05","end_time":"2978.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"touch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.3","end_time":"2978.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9118","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.4","end_time":"2978.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.48","end_time":"2978.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.75","end_time":"2979.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2979.01","end_time":"2979.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2979.42","end_time":"2979.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2980.24","end_time":"2981.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2981.0","end_time":"2981.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2981.58","end_time":"2981.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2981.93","end_time":"2982.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2982.24","end_time":"2982.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2982.38","end_time":"2982.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2982.58","end_time":"2982.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2982.83","end_time":"2983.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2983.4","end_time":"2983.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9406","content":"Amy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2983.72","end_time":"2983.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Beth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2983.99","end_time":"2984.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2984.11","end_time":"2984.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"Meg"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2984.35","end_time":"2984.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9682","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2984.44","end_time":"2984.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2984.57","end_time":"2985.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9378","content":"sisters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2985.94","end_time":"2986.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2986.34","end_time":"2986.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2986.84","end_time":"2987.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2987.15","end_time":"2987.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2987.49","end_time":"2987.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sister"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2987.91","end_time":"2988.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2988.14","end_time":"2988.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2988.3","end_time":"2989.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8511","content":"relationships"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2989.06","end_time":"2989.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"suffer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2989.41","end_time":"2989.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2989.5","end_time":"2990.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2990.37","end_time":"2990.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2990.58","end_time":"2990.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"account"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2990.88","end_time":"2990.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2990.97","end_time":"2991.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.08","end_time":"2991.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"moving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2993.27","end_time":"2993.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.53","end_time":"2993.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.89","end_time":"2994.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2994.1","end_time":"2994.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2994.31","end_time":"2994.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2994.53","end_time":"2994.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2994.65","end_time":"2995.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.03","end_time":"2995.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.24","end_time":"2995.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pressing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.63","end_time":"2995.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.78","end_time":"2995.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.96","end_time":"2996.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2996.07","end_time":"2996.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3029.71","end_time":"3029.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3029.82","end_time":"3030.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3030.0","end_time":"3030.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3030.17","end_time":"3030.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3030.3","end_time":"3030.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5484","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3030.36","end_time":"3030.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4126","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3035.6","end_time":"3035.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3035.79","end_time":"3035.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3035.93","end_time":"3036.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3036.04","end_time":"3036.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3036.13","end_time":"3036.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3038.13","end_time":"3038.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"See"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3038.64","end_time":"3039.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Meg"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3039.95","end_time":"3040.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7799","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3040.23","end_time":"3040.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3040.43","end_time":"3040.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"Meg"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3040.8","end_time":"3040.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3040.94","end_time":"3041.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3041.07","end_time":"3041.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yellow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3042.14","end_time":"3042.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8985","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3043.84","end_time":"3044.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8648","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3044.16","end_time":"3044.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3044.48","end_time":"3044.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3044.73","end_time":"3044.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8475","content":"Can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3044.85","end_time":"3045.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"someone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3045.12","end_time":"3045.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3045.25","end_time":"3045.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"voted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3045.53","end_time":"3045.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3045.73","end_time":"3045.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3045.92","end_time":"3046.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3046.11","end_time":"3046.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3046.27","end_time":"3046.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3046.48","end_time":"3046.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3052.2","end_time":"3052.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"alive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3052.73","end_time":"3053.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3054.86","end_time":"3055.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3055.13","end_time":"3055.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3055.35","end_time":"3055.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3055.42","end_time":"3055.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3055.51","end_time":"3055.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"curves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3055.85","end_time":"3056.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3056.05","end_time":"3056.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7001","content":"seem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3056.27","end_time":"3056.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3056.37","end_time":"3056.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"follow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3056.72","end_time":"3056.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3056.79","end_time":"3057.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"straight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3057.1","end_time":"3057.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3059.66","end_time":"3059.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9437","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3061.97","end_time":"3062.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9801","content":"huh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3063.26","end_time":"3063.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8811","content":"For"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3066.11","end_time":"3066.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3066.42","end_time":"3066.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3066.93","end_time":"3067.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3067.16","end_time":"3067.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3067.32","end_time":"3067.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3067.55","end_time":"3067.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3067.94","end_time":"3068.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.16","end_time":"3068.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.39","end_time":"3069.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"sisters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.26","end_time":"3073.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.54","end_time":"3073.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.78","end_time":"3073.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.86","end_time":"3073.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.92","end_time":"3074.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"constant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3074.77","end_time":"3075.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3076.56","end_time":"3077.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9718","content":"throughout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3077.96","end_time":"3078.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3078.65","end_time":"3078.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3079.0","end_time":"3079.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Meg"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3079.75","end_time":"3080.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3080.04","end_time":"3080.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3080.11","end_time":"3080.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"steeper"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3080.57","end_time":"3081.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"slope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3081.45","end_time":"3081.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3081.62","end_time":"3081.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3081.85","end_time":"3082.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3082.96","end_time":"3083.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3083.26","end_time":"3083.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3083.33","end_time":"3083.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3083.62","end_time":"3084.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"shallower"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3084.63","end_time":"3084.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9807","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3085.21","end_time":"3085.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3085.52","end_time":"3085.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3085.9","end_time":"3086.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3086.27","end_time":"3087.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.80465","content":"27"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3088.32","end_time":"3088.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3088.54","end_time":"3088.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3088.81","end_time":"3089.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3090.06","end_time":"3090.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3091.11","end_time":"3091.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3091.33","end_time":"3092.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9298","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3092.04","end_time":"3092.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"suffered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3092.42","end_time":"3092.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3092.77","end_time":"3093.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3093.03","end_time":"3093.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3093.21","end_time":"3093.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3093.31","end_time":"3093.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3093.43","end_time":"3093.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"rate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3093.71","end_time":"3093.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3093.85","end_time":"3094.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.01","end_time":"3094.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.717","content":"she's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.26","end_time":"3094.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3094.5","end_time":"3095.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3095.14","end_time":"3095.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3095.41","end_time":"3095.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"slowed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3095.74","end_time":"3095.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3095.99","end_time":"3096.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.06","end_time":"3096.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3097.15","end_time":"3097.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.28","end_time":"3097.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.39","end_time":"3097.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.53","end_time":"3097.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3099.56","end_time":"3100.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3100.27","end_time":"3101.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3101.01","end_time":"3101.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3101.15","end_time":"3101.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3101.27","end_time":"3101.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3103.76","end_time":"3104.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8069","content":"Be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3104.21","end_time":"3104.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5645","content":"Beth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3104.58","end_time":"3104.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3104.75","end_time":"3105.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3105.12","end_time":"3105.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3105.52","end_time":"3106.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3107.0","end_time":"3107.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3107.23","end_time":"3107.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3107.35","end_time":"3107.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3107.48","end_time":"3107.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8836","content":"Beth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3107.76","end_time":"3108.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9749","content":"Green"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3108.35","end_time":"3108.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6295","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3108.74","end_time":"3109.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9706","content":"Green"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.15","end_time":"3109.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6013","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3109.29","end_time":"3109.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5308","content":"though"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3110.15","end_time":"3110.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3110.37","end_time":"3110.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lowest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3110.9","end_time":"3111.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9641","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3112.01","end_time":"3112.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9175","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3112.1","end_time":"3112.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9325","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3112.77","end_time":"3112.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3112.95","end_time":"3113.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3113.25","end_time":"3113.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3113.52","end_time":"3113.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"voted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3113.85","end_time":"3114.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.02","end_time":"3114.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4963","content":"Beth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.24","end_time":"3114.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5854","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.44","end_time":"3114.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.62","end_time":"3114.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.8","end_time":"3115.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.21","end_time":"3115.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.73","end_time":"3116.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3116.16","end_time":"3116.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"character"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3117.02","end_time":"3117.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.23","end_time":"3117.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.34","end_time":"3117.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.6","end_time":"3117.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.83","end_time":"3117.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"she"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.95","end_time":"3118.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3118.07","end_time":"3118.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3118.34","end_time":"3118.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"poor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3118.61","end_time":"3119.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.18","end_time":"3119.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.36","end_time":"3119.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3119.82","end_time":"3120.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.09","end_time":"3120.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.19","end_time":"3120.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.31","end_time":"3120.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argue"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.56","end_time":"3120.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3121.71","end_time":"3122.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8347","content":"Joe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.08","end_time":"3122.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.22","end_time":"3122.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.77","end_time":"3123.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.14","end_time":"3123.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.53","end_time":"3123.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3123.75","end_time":"3124.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9823","content":"Beth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.02","end_time":"3124.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.12","end_time":"3124.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.33","end_time":"3124.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.43","end_time":"3125.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8187","content":"sisters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3125.6","end_time":"3125.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3125.86","end_time":"3126.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3126.19","end_time":"3126.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8818","content":"she"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3126.36","end_time":"3126.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3126.6","end_time":"3127.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"generally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3127.15","end_time":"3127.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3127.41","end_time":"3127.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9649","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3127.81","end_time":"3127.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3127.97","end_time":"3128.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3128.78","end_time":"3129.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3129.01","end_time":"3129.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.15","end_time":"3129.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.27","end_time":"3129.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.55","end_time":"3129.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.62","end_time":"3130.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"departure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.45","end_time":"3130.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.66","end_time":"3130.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.74","end_time":"3131.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9559","content":"move"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.0","end_time":"3131.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.11","end_time":"3131.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"New"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.21","end_time":"3131.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"York"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3131.62","end_time":"3131.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.81","end_time":"3132.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.05","end_time":"3132.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.2","end_time":"3132.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"she's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.38","end_time":"3132.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.57","end_time":"3132.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.85","end_time":"3133.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7517","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3133.26","end_time":"3133.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3133.4","end_time":"3133.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3133.65","end_time":"3134.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9432","content":"overall"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3134.16","end_time":"3134.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"throughout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3134.56","end_time":"3134.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3134.64","end_time":"3134.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3135.45","end_time":"3135.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.425","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3135.51","end_time":"3135.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8309","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3136.1","end_time":"3136.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3136.29","end_time":"3136.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3136.52","end_time":"3136.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9141","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3136.9","end_time":"3137.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slightly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3137.23","end_time":"3137.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3137.54","end_time":"3138.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3141.13","end_time":"3141.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9081","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3141.44","end_time":"3141.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3141.67","end_time":"3141.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3141.96","end_time":"3142.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3142.32","end_time":"3142.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3142.58","end_time":"3142.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3142.65","end_time":"3142.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3142.92","end_time":"3143.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6838","content":"graph"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3143.84","end_time":"3144.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3392","content":"Laurie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3144.43","end_time":"3144.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3144.57","end_time":"3144.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3144.63","end_time":"3145.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"man's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3145.07","end_time":"3145.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3145.45","end_time":"3145.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3145.65","end_time":"3145.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3145.83","end_time":"3146.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3146.18","end_time":"3146.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.863","content":"Laurie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3146.83","end_time":"3147.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"marries"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.36","end_time":"3147.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.54","end_time":"3147.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3147.69","end_time":"3148.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3148.32","end_time":"3148.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3148.59","end_time":"3149.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"girls"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3149.85","end_time":"3150.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3150.12","end_time":"3150.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3150.28","end_time":"3150.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3150.4","end_time":"3150.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"marry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3161.5","end_time":"3161.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3765","content":"Laurie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3161.93","end_time":"3162.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8947","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3162.11","end_time":"3162.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3162.2","end_time":"3162.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pink"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3162.52","end_time":"3162.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3199.3","end_time":"3199.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.43","end_time":"3199.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3199.66","end_time":"3199.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.9","end_time":"3200.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3200.02","end_time":"3200.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3413","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3200.1","end_time":"3200.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3200.33","end_time":"3201.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"please"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3201.04","end_time":"3201.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6465","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3201.11","end_time":"3201.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9356","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3201.3","end_time":"3201.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3201.57","end_time":"3201.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3201.75","end_time":"3201.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3209.95","end_time":"3210.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8216","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3210.16","end_time":"3210.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3210.39","end_time":"3210.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8707","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3210.56","end_time":"3210.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"said"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3210.79","end_time":"3211.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9436","content":"Amy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3211.22","end_time":"3211.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3211.44","end_time":"3211.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3211.61","end_time":"3211.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3211.76","end_time":"3211.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3211.91","end_time":"3212.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3212.02","end_time":"3212.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3212.27","end_time":"3212.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9751","content":"Amy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3216.1","end_time":"3216.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4678","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3216.36","end_time":"3216.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3217.26","end_time":"3217.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3217.52","end_time":"3217.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3217.64","end_time":"3218.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"curves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3218.31","end_time":"3218.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3218.57","end_time":"3218.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3218.78","end_time":"3219.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"super"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.3","end_time":"3219.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.81","end_time":"3219.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.96","end_time":"3220.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3220.17","end_time":"3220.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3220.99","end_time":"3221.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3221.19","end_time":"3221.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3221.39","end_time":"3221.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3221.51","end_time":"3221.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3221.75","end_time":"3222.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3222.0","end_time":"3222.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"physically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3222.41","end_time":"3222.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8913","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3222.81","end_time":"3223.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.02","end_time":"3223.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.24","end_time":"3223.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.35","end_time":"3223.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.68","end_time":"3223.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.87","end_time":"3223.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3223.94","end_time":"3224.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3224.18","end_time":"3224.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3224.3","end_time":"3224.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"downs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3225.09","end_time":"3225.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3225.42","end_time":"3225.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3225.58","end_time":"3225.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3225.76","end_time":"3226.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3228.18","end_time":"3228.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3228.63","end_time":"3228.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3228.79","end_time":"3229.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3229.06","end_time":"3229.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3229.14","end_time":"3229.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3229.63","end_time":"3229.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3229.74","end_time":"3230.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.01","end_time":"3230.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.28","end_time":"3230.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.42","end_time":"3230.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3231.28","end_time":"3231.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3231.67","end_time":"3231.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3231.79","end_time":"3232.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3232.1","end_time":"3232.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3232.27","end_time":"3232.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3232.53","end_time":"3232.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3232.65","end_time":"3233.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3233.4","end_time":"3233.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9744","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3234.12","end_time":"3234.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3234.89","end_time":"3235.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3235.11","end_time":"3235.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3235.34","end_time":"3235.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3235.52","end_time":"3235.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happening"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3235.94","end_time":"3236.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Especially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3236.85","end_time":"3237.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.05","end_time":"3237.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.18","end_time":"3237.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.34","end_time":"3237.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.41","end_time":"3237.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.49","end_time":"3237.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3237.8","end_time":"3238.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9181","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3238.03","end_time":"3238.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7115","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3238.42","end_time":"3239.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Presumably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.04","end_time":"3239.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.19","end_time":"3239.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.29","end_time":"3239.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.46","end_time":"3239.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"married"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3239.85","end_time":"3240.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8556","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.13","end_time":"3240.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2394","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.26","end_time":"3240.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.43","end_time":"3240.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.49","end_time":"3240.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.65","end_time":"3241.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"married"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3241.69","end_time":"3242.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3242.43","end_time":"3242.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3242.96","end_time":"3243.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3243.08","end_time":"3243.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3243.23","end_time":"3243.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3243.47","end_time":"3243.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3243.69","end_time":"3243.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3243.75","end_time":"3244.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3244.22","end_time":"3244.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drama"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3244.68","end_time":"3244.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3244.77","end_time":"3244.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3244.92","end_time":"3245.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3249.37","end_time":"3250.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3250.47","end_time":"3251.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"27"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3251.23","end_time":"3251.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3252.16","end_time":"3252.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3253.89","end_time":"3254.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3254.03","end_time":"3254.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3254.56","end_time":"3254.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3254.79","end_time":"3254.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3254.86","end_time":"3255.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3255.02","end_time":"3255.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.23","end_time":"3255.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.38","end_time":"3255.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6199","content":"guest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.7","end_time":"3255.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.83","end_time":"3255.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.99","end_time":"3256.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3256.4","end_time":"3256.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3256.56","end_time":"3256.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.63","end_time":"3256.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.93","end_time":"3257.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.17","end_time":"3257.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.36","end_time":"3257.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3257.63","end_time":"3257.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.7","end_time":"3258.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3258.01","end_time":"3258.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3258.52","end_time":"3259.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"conclude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3259.11","end_time":"3259.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3259.19","end_time":"3259.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3259.47","end_time":"3259.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3259.57","end_time":"3259.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3259.66","end_time":"3259.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3259.87","end_time":"3260.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.03","end_time":"3260.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.33","end_time":"3260.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.45","end_time":"3260.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3260.76","end_time":"3261.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3261.01","end_time":"3261.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3261.12","end_time":"3261.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3261.57","end_time":"3261.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3261.85","end_time":"3262.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3262.8","end_time":"3263.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3263.21","end_time":"3263.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3263.35","end_time":"3263.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3263.68","end_time":"3264.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3264.11","end_time":"3264.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3264.41","end_time":"3264.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3264.61","end_time":"3265.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3265.01","end_time":"3265.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3265.26","end_time":"3265.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3265.42","end_time":"3265.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3265.75","end_time":"3265.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3265.88","end_time":"3266.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3266.13","end_time":"3266.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3267.34","end_time":"3267.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.51","end_time":"3267.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.64","end_time":"3267.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3267.75","end_time":"3268.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.17","end_time":"3268.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"Amy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.48","end_time":"3268.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.64","end_time":"3268.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.72","end_time":"3268.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.9","end_time":"3269.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"visit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3269.95","end_time":"3270.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.12","end_time":"3270.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sister"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.74","end_time":"3270.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.89","end_time":"3270.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.96","end_time":"3271.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"move"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.17","end_time":"3271.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.26","end_time":"3271.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"New"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.35","end_time":"3271.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9007","content":"York"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3271.86","end_time":"3272.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.15","end_time":"3272.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4404","content":"Laurie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.5","end_time":"3272.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.77","end_time":"3272.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.95","end_time":"3273.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"along"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.3","end_time":"3273.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.37","end_time":"3273.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3273.79","end_time":"3273.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8294","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3273.96","end_time":"3274.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3274.18","end_time":"3274.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3274.66","end_time":"3275.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3275.51","end_time":"3275.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3275.76","end_time":"3275.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3275.84","end_time":"3275.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3275.97","end_time":"3276.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.14","end_time":"3276.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.52","end_time":"3276.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.82","end_time":"3276.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.99","end_time":"3277.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3277.52","end_time":"3277.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Quite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3277.8","end_time":"3278.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3279.09","end_time":"3279.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.18","end_time":"3279.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.27","end_time":"3279.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.38","end_time":"3279.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3280.57","end_time":"3280.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3280.95","end_time":"3281.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.05","end_time":"3281.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.21","end_time":"3281.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3281.49","end_time":"3281.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.61","end_time":"3281.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.81","end_time":"3281.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9578","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.98","end_time":"3282.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"analyze"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3282.59","end_time":"3283.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3283.48","end_time":"3283.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9208","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3284.12","end_time":"3285.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3285.93","end_time":"3286.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.52","end_time":"3286.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.62","end_time":"3286.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.88","end_time":"3287.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.12","end_time":"3287.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.28","end_time":"3287.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.77","end_time":"3287.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.9","end_time":"3288.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.12","end_time":"3288.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.29","end_time":"3288.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.81","end_time":"3289.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9777","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.02","end_time":"3289.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.1","end_time":"3289.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.21","end_time":"3289.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"breath"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.53","end_time":"3289.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.65","end_time":"3289.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.88","end_time":"3290.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"signs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3290.29","end_time":"3290.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3290.39","end_time":"3290.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3290.73","end_time":"3291.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.03","end_time":"3291.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"apply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.27","end_time":"3291.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9284","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.51","end_time":"3291.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9279","content":"signs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.84","end_time":"3291.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.93","end_time":"3292.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3293.1","end_time":"3293.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3293.28","end_time":"3293.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3293.37","end_time":"3293.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3293.47","end_time":"3293.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3293.65","end_time":"3293.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3293.73","end_time":"3294.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3294.17","end_time":"3294.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"interest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3294.59","end_time":"3294.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7946","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3294.71","end_time":"3294.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3294.82","end_time":"3295.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3295.14","end_time":"3295.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3295.52","end_time":"3296.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6842","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3296.09","end_time":"3296.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7594","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3296.25","end_time":"3296.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3296.56","end_time":"3296.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3297.0","end_time":"3297.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"explore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3297.63","end_time":"3298.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.34","end_time":"3298.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.8","end_time":"3299.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.29","end_time":"3299.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.41","end_time":"3299.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8222","content":"project's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.92","end_time":"3300.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3300.15","end_time":"3300.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fun"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3300.4","end_time":"3300.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3300.58","end_time":"3300.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3301.82","end_time":"3302.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.0","end_time":"3302.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.17","end_time":"3302.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.24","end_time":"3302.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.58","end_time":"3302.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.85","end_time":"3303.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.01","end_time":"3303.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3303.27","end_time":"3303.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2857","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.33","end_time":"3303.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9236","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.48","end_time":"3303.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9247","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.54","end_time":"3303.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9431","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.66","end_time":"3303.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.85","end_time":"3303.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.92","end_time":"3304.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"independent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.69","end_time":"3304.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.92","end_time":"3304.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.99","end_time":"3305.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"investigation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.7","end_time":"3305.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.87","end_time":"3306.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3306.19","end_time":"3306.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3306.46","end_time":"3306.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3306.79","end_time":"3306.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3306.95","end_time":"3307.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3307.37","end_time":"3307.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3307.75","end_time":"3308.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3308.0","end_time":"3308.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7701","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3308.13","end_time":"3308.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.3","end_time":"3308.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.36","end_time":"3308.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.51","end_time":"3308.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.61","end_time":"3308.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.71","end_time":"3309.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3309.05","end_time":"3309.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tools"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3309.33","end_time":"3309.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3309.43","end_time":"3309.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3309.6","end_time":"3309.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3310.78","end_time":"3311.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.01","end_time":"3311.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.12","end_time":"3311.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.2","end_time":"3311.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"future"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3311.77","end_time":"3312.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9576","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.02","end_time":"3312.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.28","end_time":"3312.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3312.76","end_time":"3312.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.88","end_time":"3313.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.03","end_time":"3313.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5803","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.06","end_time":"3313.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5618","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.26","end_time":"3313.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8393","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.43","end_time":"3314.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"opportunities"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3314.09","end_time":"3314.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3315.54","end_time":"3315.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7902","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3316.64","end_time":"3317.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3317.73","end_time":"3317.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3317.97","end_time":"3318.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3318.07","end_time":"3318.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3318.16","end_time":"3318.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8199","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3318.33","end_time":"3318.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3318.56","end_time":"3318.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3318.87","end_time":"3319.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3319.32","end_time":"3319.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3319.53","end_time":"3319.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3320.24","end_time":"3320.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3320.38","end_time":"3320.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3320.59","end_time":"3320.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3320.81","end_time":"3321.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3322.37","end_time":"3322.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3322.96","end_time":"3323.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3323.1","end_time":"3323.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3323.88","end_time":"3324.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.01","end_time":"3324.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.32","end_time":"3324.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"Ality"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3325.42","end_time":"3325.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.63","end_time":"3325.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.89","end_time":"3326.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8411","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.14","end_time":"3326.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.36","end_time":"3326.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.62","end_time":"3326.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.89","end_time":"3327.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9047","content":"Clickbait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3327.87","end_time":"3328.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"articles"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3328.85","end_time":"3329.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9202","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3330.06","end_time":"3330.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9067","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3331.79","end_time":"3332.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8539","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3332.31","end_time":"3332.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8146","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3332.76","end_time":"3332.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3332.92","end_time":"3333.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3333.13","end_time":"3333.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3333.26","end_time":"3333.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3333.41","end_time":"3333.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3333.78","end_time":"3334.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3334.15","end_time":"3334.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"finds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3334.98","end_time":"3335.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9756","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3335.69","end_time":"3335.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Wouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3335.91","end_time":"3336.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.05","end_time":"3336.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.22","end_time":"3336.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"awesome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3336.91","end_time":"3337.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3337.21","end_time":"3337.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8885","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3337.36","end_time":"3337.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5859","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3337.7","end_time":"3337.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5139","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3337.82","end_time":"3338.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3338.04","end_time":"3338.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3338.14","end_time":"3338.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3338.28","end_time":"3338.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3338.96","end_time":"3339.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.11","end_time":"3339.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.25","end_time":"3339.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tempting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.77","end_time":"3339.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.88","end_time":"3340.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6657","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.07","end_time":"3340.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6657","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.13","end_time":"3340.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"believe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.53","end_time":"3340.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3341.8","end_time":"3342.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3342.47","end_time":"3342.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3342.7","end_time":"3343.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3343.1","end_time":"3343.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3343.47","end_time":"3343.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3343.72","end_time":"3344.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"founded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3344.19","end_time":"3344.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3344.62","end_time":"3344.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3344.92","end_time":"3345.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"truth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3345.62","end_time":"3345.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3345.94","end_time":"3346.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.36","end_time":"3346.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.7","end_time":"3347.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"misrepresented"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.12","end_time":"3349.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.25","end_time":"3349.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.59","end_time":"3350.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3350.09","end_time":"3350.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3350.3","end_time":"3350.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3351.2","end_time":"3351.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3351.31","end_time":"3351.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3351.46","end_time":"3351.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3351.61","end_time":"3352.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.16","end_time":"3352.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.39","end_time":"3352.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.51","end_time":"3353.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"terminology"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3353.2","end_time":"3353.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5783","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3353.74","end_time":"3353.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4315","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3353.86","end_time":"3354.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3354.11","end_time":"3354.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9778","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3354.61","end_time":"3355.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"studies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.28","end_time":"3355.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.39","end_time":"3355.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.5","end_time":"3355.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.764","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.66","end_time":"3356.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"performed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3356.74","end_time":"3357.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3357.35","end_time":"3357.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3357.52","end_time":"3357.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3357.58","end_time":"3358.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3358.03","end_time":"3358.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8238","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3358.87","end_time":"3359.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3359.16","end_time":"3360.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"individuals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3360.06","end_time":"3360.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3360.82","end_time":"3361.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3361.18","end_time":"3361.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9837","content":"individuals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3361.99","end_time":"3362.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6145","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3362.24","end_time":"3362.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"subjects"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3362.86","end_time":"3362.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3362.94","end_time":"3363.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9366","content":"participant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3363.65","end_time":"3363.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8376","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3363.81","end_time":"3364.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7842","content":"units"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3364.73","end_time":"3364.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3364.96","end_time":"3365.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8677","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3365.08","end_time":"3365.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3365.27","end_time":"3366.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3366.77","end_time":"3367.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3367.37","end_time":"3367.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3367.58","end_time":"3367.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8979","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3367.98","end_time":"3368.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3368.11","end_time":"3368.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3368.27","end_time":"3368.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3368.4","end_time":"3368.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3368.53","end_time":"3368.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3369.38","end_time":"3369.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3370.11","end_time":"3370.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3371.1","end_time":"3371.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3371.25","end_time":"3371.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"research"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3371.58","end_time":"3371.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3371.85","end_time":"3372.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3372.03","end_time":"3372.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3372.39","end_time":"3372.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3372.88","end_time":"3373.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"European"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3373.61","end_time":"3374.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9805","content":"adults"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3375.94","end_time":"3376.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3376.18","end_time":"3376.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3376.77","end_time":"3377.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"individuals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.44","end_time":"3377.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.67","end_time":"3377.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.74","end_time":"3377.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.88","end_time":"3378.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3378.36","end_time":"3378.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3378.49","end_time":"3378.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3378.58","end_time":"3378.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3378.8","end_time":"3379.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3379.06","end_time":"3379.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3379.15","end_time":"3379.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3379.67","end_time":"3379.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4949","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3379.81","end_time":"3379.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3379.93","end_time":"3380.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3380.15","end_time":"3380.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3380.44","end_time":"3380.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3380.66","end_time":"3381.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"countries"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3382.21","end_time":"3382.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3384.15","end_time":"3384.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3384.55","end_time":"3384.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3384.77","end_time":"3385.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8524","content":"others"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.05","end_time":"3385.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7089","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.26","end_time":"3385.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.39","end_time":"3385.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"unit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.83","end_time":"3385.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.97","end_time":"3386.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3386.1","end_time":"3386.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comparing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.23","end_time":"3387.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9809","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3387.48","end_time":"3387.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.7","end_time":"3387.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.81","end_time":"3388.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"helps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.07","end_time":"3388.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.16","end_time":"3388.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.38","end_time":"3388.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.56","end_time":"3388.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.62","end_time":"3388.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9701","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.73","end_time":"3388.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.88","end_time":"3389.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3389.22","end_time":"3389.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"For"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.36","end_time":"3389.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.44","end_time":"3389.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.68","end_time":"3389.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3390.39","end_time":"3390.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3390.55","end_time":"3391.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.35","end_time":"3391.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.54","end_time":"3391.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.73","end_time":"3391.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.86","end_time":"3392.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.48","end_time":"3392.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6099","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.6","end_time":"3392.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.78","end_time":"3392.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.86","end_time":"3392.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.94","end_time":"3393.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3393.57","end_time":"3393.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3393.74","end_time":"3394.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3394.05","end_time":"3394.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3394.19","end_time":"3394.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3394.42","end_time":"3394.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3394.7","end_time":"3394.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3394.78","end_time":"3395.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3395.81","end_time":"3395.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.575","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3395.87","end_time":"3396.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9756","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3396.05","end_time":"3396.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3396.2","end_time":"3396.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3396.28","end_time":"3396.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3396.44","end_time":"3396.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3396.69","end_time":"3396.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3396.78","end_time":"3397.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3397.21","end_time":"3397.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3397.35","end_time":"3397.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3397.62","end_time":"3398.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consuming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3398.17","end_time":"3398.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8382","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3399.04","end_time":"3399.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3399.29","end_time":"3399.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3399.39","end_time":"3399.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3399.51","end_time":"3399.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8936","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3399.84","end_time":"3400.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3400.01","end_time":"3400.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"consume"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3400.54","end_time":"3401.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9307","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3401.83","end_time":"3402.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3402.8","end_time":"3403.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7661","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3403.29","end_time":"3403.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3403.6","end_time":"3403.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9741","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3403.86","end_time":"3403.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3403.93","end_time":"3404.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"compare"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.39","end_time":"3404.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.56","end_time":"3404.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.72","end_time":"3404.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.8","end_time":"3405.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.09","end_time":"3405.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.3","end_time":"3405.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.65","end_time":"3406.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"consume"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3406.03","end_time":"3406.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9149","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3406.79","end_time":"3407.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3407.35","end_time":"3407.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3407.66","end_time":"3407.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3407.78","end_time":"3407.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3407.96","end_time":"3408.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3408.42","end_time":"3408.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3408.59","end_time":"3409.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3409.23","end_time":"3409.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3409.45","end_time":"3409.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3409.52","end_time":"3409.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3409.68","end_time":"3409.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3409.94","end_time":"3410.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3410.07","end_time":"3410.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3410.55","end_time":"3410.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3410.68","end_time":"3410.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3410.82","end_time":"3411.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.22","end_time":"3411.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.32","end_time":"3411.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9126","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.47","end_time":"3411.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.71","end_time":"3412.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3412.48","end_time":"3412.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3412.65","end_time":"3412.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.74","end_time":"3412.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.89","end_time":"3413.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3413.0","end_time":"3413.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3413.33","end_time":"3413.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3413.49","end_time":"3414.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"differences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3414.07","end_time":"3414.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9637","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3414.17","end_time":"3414.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3414.25","end_time":"3414.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3414.44","end_time":"3414.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3415.08","end_time":"3415.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3415.39","end_time":"3415.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.13","end_time":"3416.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.34","end_time":"3416.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7854","content":"body"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.68","end_time":"3416.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7838","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3416.92","end_time":"3417.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3417.1","end_time":"3417.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3417.2","end_time":"3417.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3417.66","end_time":"3417.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3417.78","end_time":"3417.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3417.88","end_time":"3418.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.07","end_time":"3418.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.39","end_time":"3418.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.59","end_time":"3418.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"tons"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.84","end_time":"3418.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.93","end_time":"3419.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8008","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.37","end_time":"3419.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9772","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.48","end_time":"3419.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.59","end_time":"3419.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.84","end_time":"3420.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3420.09","end_time":"3420.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6921","content":"none"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3420.78","end_time":"3420.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9716","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3420.96","end_time":"3421.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.09","end_time":"3421.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.31","end_time":"3421.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.56","end_time":"3421.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.7","end_time":"3422.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3422.16","end_time":"3422.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3422.39","end_time":"3422.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3422.69","end_time":"3422.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3422.94","end_time":"3423.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3423.0","end_time":"3423.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3423.22","end_time":"3423.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3423.46","end_time":"3424.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclusion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.01","end_time":"3424.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3424.63","end_time":"3424.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9075","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.74","end_time":"3424.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.92","end_time":"3424.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.98","end_time":"3425.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3425.16","end_time":"3425.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3425.22","end_time":"3425.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclusion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3425.72","end_time":"3426.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.27","end_time":"3426.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.55","end_time":"3427.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3427.23","end_time":"3427.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3427.44","end_time":"3427.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3427.56","end_time":"3428.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.0","end_time":"3428.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.13","end_time":"3428.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"interest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.54","end_time":"3428.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.63","end_time":"3428.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.77","end_time":"3428.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.99","end_time":"3429.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9701","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3429.1","end_time":"3429.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3429.3","end_time":"3429.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3431.83","end_time":"3432.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.28","end_time":"3432.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.38","end_time":"3432.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.65","end_time":"3432.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.94","end_time":"3433.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3433.06","end_time":"3433.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3433.27","end_time":"3433.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3433.92","end_time":"3434.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.13","end_time":"3434.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.32","end_time":"3434.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.59","end_time":"3434.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.82","end_time":"3434.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.92","end_time":"3435.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3435.68","end_time":"3436.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.14","end_time":"3436.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8074","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.5","end_time":"3437.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consumption"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3437.07","end_time":"3437.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3437.3","end_time":"3437.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3438.43","end_time":"3438.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3438.67","end_time":"3438.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3438.88","end_time":"3439.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"technical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.36","end_time":"3439.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"term"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.6","end_time":"3439.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.71","end_time":"3439.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.86","end_time":"3440.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3440.0","end_time":"3440.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3440.09","end_time":"3441.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3441.0","end_time":"3441.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.56","end_time":"3441.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.72","end_time":"3441.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.94","end_time":"3442.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3442.6","end_time":"3442.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3442.87","end_time":"3443.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9697","content":"relation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3443.46","end_time":"3443.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3443.66","end_time":"3443.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3443.89","end_time":"3444.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3444.37","end_time":"3444.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3444.58","end_time":"3445.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"connection"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3446.81","end_time":"3446.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3446.96","end_time":"3447.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.2","end_time":"3447.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.27","end_time":"3447.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.67","end_time":"3447.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3447.85","end_time":"3448.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.07","end_time":"3448.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.28","end_time":"3448.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.44","end_time":"3448.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.5","end_time":"3448.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.73","end_time":"3449.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3449.5","end_time":"3449.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9766","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3449.85","end_time":"3450.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.0","end_time":"3450.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.15","end_time":"3450.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"speculate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3451.03","end_time":"3451.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3451.3","end_time":"3451.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.37","end_time":"3451.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.62","end_time":"3451.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.85","end_time":"3452.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9609","content":"related"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3452.23","end_time":"3452.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8796","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.31","end_time":"3452.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.37","end_time":"3452.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.62","end_time":"3452.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.83","end_time":"3453.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3453.03","end_time":"3453.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"related"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3453.41","end_time":"3453.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3453.56","end_time":"3453.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2686","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3453.64","end_time":"3453.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7624","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3453.87","end_time":"3454.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8362","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3455.2","end_time":"3455.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3455.35","end_time":"3456.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"meaningful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3456.2","end_time":"3456.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"conclusion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3456.82","end_time":"3456.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6687","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3456.97","end_time":"3457.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3457.15","end_time":"3457.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3457.24","end_time":"3457.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3457.41","end_time":"3457.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3457.53","end_time":"3457.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3457.63","end_time":"3458.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3458.53","end_time":"3458.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3458.82","end_time":"3459.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7579","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.21","end_time":"3459.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.32","end_time":"3459.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3460.01","end_time":"3460.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3460.28","end_time":"3460.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3460.48","end_time":"3461.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"article"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3462.73","end_time":"3463.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"among"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3463.19","end_time":"3463.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3463.53","end_time":"3463.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3463.64","end_time":"3463.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3463.74","end_time":"3464.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"top"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3464.14","end_time":"3464.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3464.46","end_time":"3464.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3464.58","end_time":"3464.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7818","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3464.95","end_time":"3465.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consumption"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3465.55","end_time":"3465.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3465.66","end_time":"3465.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3465.89","end_time":"3466.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.01","end_time":"3466.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"ate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.17","end_time":"3466.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.24","end_time":"3466.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.59","end_time":"3467.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7687","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3467.83","end_time":"3469.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"12%"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3469.82","end_time":"3470.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3470.34","end_time":"3471.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"cardiovascular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.16","end_time":"3471.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3472.5","end_time":"3472.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3472.88","end_time":"3474.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996499999999999","content":"17.4%"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3475.53","end_time":"3475.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3475.72","end_time":"3475.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3475.82","end_time":"3476.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.04","end_time":"3476.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.19","end_time":"3476.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.53","end_time":"3476.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8842","content":"eat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.66","end_time":"3477.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7984","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3478.83","end_time":"3479.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.18","end_time":"3480.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.36","end_time":"3480.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.44","end_time":"3480.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.53","end_time":"3480.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3481.02","end_time":"3481.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.18","end_time":"3481.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.38","end_time":"3481.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.61","end_time":"3481.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.73","end_time":"3481.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.81","end_time":"3482.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3483.22","end_time":"3483.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3483.45","end_time":"3483.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3483.61","end_time":"3483.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3483.68","end_time":"3484.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3484.33","end_time":"3484.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3484.88","end_time":"3485.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8795","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3485.26","end_time":"3485.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consumption"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3485.78","end_time":"3485.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3485.88","end_time":"3486.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3486.09","end_time":"3486.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3504.06","end_time":"3504.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.19","end_time":"3504.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.35","end_time":"3504.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.51","end_time":"3504.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9639","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.67","end_time":"3505.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"answers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.04","end_time":"3505.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.15","end_time":"3505.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.24","end_time":"3505.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.45","end_time":"3505.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3505.64","end_time":"3505.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.79","end_time":"3505.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.87","end_time":"3506.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.06","end_time":"3506.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.37","end_time":"3506.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.54","end_time":"3506.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.71","end_time":"3506.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.93","end_time":"3507.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.08","end_time":"3507.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.15","end_time":"3507.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.41","end_time":"3507.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3507.62","end_time":"3507.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8396","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3508.52","end_time":"3508.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3508.63","end_time":"3508.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3508.78","end_time":"3508.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3508.84","end_time":"3509.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.17","end_time":"3509.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"voting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.45","end_time":"3509.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.59","end_time":"3509.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.83","end_time":"3510.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"answers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3510.25","end_time":"3510.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.43","end_time":"3510.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.52","end_time":"3510.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.67","end_time":"3510.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.73","end_time":"3510.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.98","end_time":"3511.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3511.19","end_time":"3511.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3511.4","end_time":"3511.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3511.48","end_time":"3511.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3511.62","end_time":"3511.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3511.96","end_time":"3512.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.0","end_time":"3512.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.15","end_time":"3512.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.35","end_time":"3512.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.53","end_time":"3512.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.71","end_time":"3512.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.78","end_time":"3512.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.92","end_time":"3513.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3513.22","end_time":"3513.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.33","end_time":"3513.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.38","end_time":"3513.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.61","end_time":"3513.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.86","end_time":"3514.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.22","end_time":"3514.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.48","end_time":"3514.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.56","end_time":"3514.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"valid"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.94","end_time":"3515.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3515.93","end_time":"3516.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Someone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3516.26","end_time":"3516.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"who's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3516.42","end_time":"3517.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3517.59","end_time":"3518.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3518.09","end_time":"3518.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3518.26","end_time":"3518.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3518.33","end_time":"3518.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3518.47","end_time":"3518.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3518.85","end_time":"3519.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3521.12","end_time":"3521.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3524.87","end_time":"3525.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8014","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3525.09","end_time":"3525.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.24","end_time":"3525.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.37","end_time":"3525.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.6","end_time":"3525.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.68","end_time":"3525.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.88","end_time":"3526.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3526.03","end_time":"3526.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3526.18","end_time":"3526.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3526.25","end_time":"3526.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3528.62","end_time":"3529.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4138","content":"Hey"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3536.01","end_time":"3536.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3536.21","end_time":"3536.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3536.32","end_time":"3536.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3536.47","end_time":"3536.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3536.92","end_time":"3537.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.749","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3537.14","end_time":"3537.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3537.29","end_time":"3537.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3537.44","end_time":"3537.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3537.69","end_time":"3537.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3537.76","end_time":"3537.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3537.84","end_time":"3538.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3538.27","end_time":"3538.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3538.74","end_time":"3539.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"12"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.08","end_time":"3539.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.21","end_time":"3539.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.48","end_time":"3539.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.6","end_time":"3540.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9260333333333334","content":"17.4"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.67","end_time":"3541.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Essentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3541.99","end_time":"3542.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.29","end_time":"3542.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.41","end_time":"3542.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.71","end_time":"3542.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.97","end_time":"3543.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3543.21","end_time":"3543.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3543.75","end_time":"3544.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enough"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.19","end_time":"3544.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.32","end_time":"3544.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.38","end_time":"3544.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.76","end_time":"3544.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.85","end_time":"3544.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.99","end_time":"3545.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"meaningful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3551.22","end_time":"3551.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8726","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3551.67","end_time":"3551.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3551.82","end_time":"3551.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3551.85","end_time":"3551.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3551.97","end_time":"3552.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7806","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.09","end_time":"3552.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8185","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.15","end_time":"3552.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3552.3","end_time":"3552.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3552.48","end_time":"3552.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.55","end_time":"3552.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.91","end_time":"3553.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"judgment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3553.26","end_time":"3553.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3553.35","end_time":"3553.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3553.6","end_time":"3553.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3553.72","end_time":"3553.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3553.79","end_time":"3554.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.07","end_time":"3554.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9688","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.36","end_time":"3554.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.48","end_time":"3554.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8698","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.85","end_time":"3555.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5923","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3555.04","end_time":"3555.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3555.26","end_time":"3555.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3555.49","end_time":"3555.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3555.7","end_time":"3555.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3555.78","end_time":"3556.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3556.67","end_time":"3557.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9358","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3557.23","end_time":"3557.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"You'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.47","end_time":"3557.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3557.69","end_time":"3557.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3557.92","end_time":"3558.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3558.08","end_time":"3558.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3558.21","end_time":"3558.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3558.28","end_time":"3558.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3558.62","end_time":"3559.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3559.49","end_time":"3559.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"12"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3559.82","end_time":"3559.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3559.92","end_time":"3560.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.21","end_time":"3560.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.32","end_time":"3561.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965999999999999","content":"17.4"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3561.68","end_time":"3561.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.62","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3561.82","end_time":"3561.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3561.92","end_time":"3562.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6228","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.0","end_time":"3562.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.29","end_time":"3562.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.44","end_time":"3562.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.82","end_time":"3563.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3564.2","end_time":"3564.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3564.42","end_time":"3564.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3564.62","end_time":"3564.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3564.71","end_time":"3565.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3565.1","end_time":"3565.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3565.22","end_time":"3565.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3568.32","end_time":"3568.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7286","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3573.92","end_time":"3574.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7197","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3577.32","end_time":"3577.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3577.66","end_time":"3577.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.85","end_time":"3577.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.91","end_time":"3578.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.07","end_time":"3578.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3578.33","end_time":"3578.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.45","end_time":"3578.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.53","end_time":"3578.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.67","end_time":"3578.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.79","end_time":"3579.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3579.17","end_time":"3580.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3580.24","end_time":"3580.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3580.42","end_time":"3580.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3580.71","end_time":"3580.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3580.83","end_time":"3580.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3580.93","end_time":"3581.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.13","end_time":"3581.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.26","end_time":"3581.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.55","end_time":"3581.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.73","end_time":"3581.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.85","end_time":"3582.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8261","content":"studied"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3582.82","end_time":"3583.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3583.29","end_time":"3583.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3583.72","end_time":"3583.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5102","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3584.4","end_time":"3584.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3584.53","end_time":"3584.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3584.59","end_time":"3584.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3588.52","end_time":"3588.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2832","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3588.66","end_time":"3588.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.282","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3591.3","end_time":"3591.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3591.56","end_time":"3591.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3591.69","end_time":"3591.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3591.88","end_time":"3592.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3592.04","end_time":"3592.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3593.12","end_time":"3593.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3593.3","end_time":"3593.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3593.44","end_time":"3593.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3593.57","end_time":"3593.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3593.76","end_time":"3594.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.12","end_time":"3594.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.7","end_time":"3594.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.87","end_time":"3595.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.14","end_time":"3595.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.27","end_time":"3595.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.67","end_time":"3595.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.89","end_time":"3596.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3596.05","end_time":"3596.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"connection"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3597.21","end_time":"3597.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3597.83","end_time":"3598.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8472","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3598.19","end_time":"3598.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consumption"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3598.78","end_time":"3599.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3599.06","end_time":"3599.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3599.45","end_time":"3599.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3600.98","end_time":"3601.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.22","end_time":"3601.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.33","end_time":"3601.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.54","end_time":"3601.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.74","end_time":"3601.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enough"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3601.99","end_time":"3602.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3602.49","end_time":"3602.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3602.6","end_time":"3602.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3602.92","end_time":"3603.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3603.88","end_time":"3604.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"eating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3604.3","end_time":"3604.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3604.98","end_time":"3605.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3605.19","end_time":"3605.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3605.55","end_time":"3605.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3605.71","end_time":"3605.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3605.86","end_time":"3606.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3606.46","end_time":"3606.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3606.7","end_time":"3606.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3606.88","end_time":"3607.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3607.09","end_time":"3607.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3607.16","end_time":"3607.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3607.33","end_time":"3607.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.18","end_time":"3608.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"study"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.7","end_time":"3609.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3609.62","end_time":"3609.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8967","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3609.73","end_time":"3609.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3609.95","end_time":"3610.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"article"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3610.4","end_time":"3610.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3610.87","end_time":"3611.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.02","end_time":"3611.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.32","end_time":"3611.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.46","end_time":"3611.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.61","end_time":"3611.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3611.84","end_time":"3612.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3612.02","end_time":"3612.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3612.38","end_time":"3612.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3612.5","end_time":"3612.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3612.79","end_time":"3612.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6542","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3612.97","end_time":"3613.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9717","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3613.71","end_time":"3613.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9282","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3614.14","end_time":"3614.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3614.42","end_time":"3614.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3614.71","end_time":"3615.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3615.21","end_time":"3616.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3616.81","end_time":"3617.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.35","end_time":"3617.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"shouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.67","end_time":"3617.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"feel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3617.88","end_time":"3618.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comfortable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3618.39","end_time":"3618.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3618.71","end_time":"3619.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3619.4","end_time":"3619.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3620.09","end_time":"3620.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.3","end_time":"3620.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.58","end_time":"3620.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.67","end_time":"3620.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.82","end_time":"3621.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3621.12","end_time":"3621.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"connection"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3622.41","end_time":"3622.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3622.69","end_time":"3622.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3622.79","end_time":"3622.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3622.95","end_time":"3623.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3623.18","end_time":"3623.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3623.62","end_time":"3623.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3623.89","end_time":"3624.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.1","end_time":"3624.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.18","end_time":"3624.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3624.55","end_time":"3624.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.7","end_time":"3624.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.99","end_time":"3625.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3625.09","end_time":"3625.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3625.23","end_time":"3625.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3625.31","end_time":"3625.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3625.63","end_time":"3625.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3625.75","end_time":"3625.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3625.98","end_time":"3626.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3626.07","end_time":"3626.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3626.23","end_time":"3626.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"population"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3626.9","end_time":"3627.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.19","end_time":"3627.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"European"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.73","end_time":"3628.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adult"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.04","end_time":"3628.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"males"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3628.42","end_time":"3628.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.79","end_time":"3629.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3629.01","end_time":"3629.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3629.34","end_time":"3629.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3629.42","end_time":"3629.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3630.39","end_time":"3630.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3630.88","end_time":"3631.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.05","end_time":"3632.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.63","end_time":"3632.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.7","end_time":"3633.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3633.46","end_time":"3633.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3633.58","end_time":"3633.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4882","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3633.76","end_time":"3634.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3634.1","end_time":"3634.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3634.2","end_time":"3634.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9762","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3634.98","end_time":"3635.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.36","end_time":"3635.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.56","end_time":"3635.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.86","end_time":"3636.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.14","end_time":"3636.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.33","end_time":"3636.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"causes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.87","end_time":"3637.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3637.06","end_time":"3637.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3638.04","end_time":"3638.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3638.57","end_time":"3638.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3638.78","end_time":"3639.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3639.0","end_time":"3639.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9631","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3639.08","end_time":"3639.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3639.38","end_time":"3639.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3639.72","end_time":"3640.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3640.69","end_time":"3640.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3640.83","end_time":"3641.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3642.81","end_time":"3642.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.98","end_time":"3643.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3643.13","end_time":"3643.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3643.19","end_time":"3643.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3643.47","end_time":"3643.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3643.68","end_time":"3643.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3643.78","end_time":"3644.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"phrase"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3644.07","end_time":"3644.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3644.23","end_time":"3644.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Correlation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3644.93","end_time":"3645.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3645.08","end_time":"3645.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3645.32","end_time":"3646.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3646.31","end_time":"3646.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9472","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3646.54","end_time":"3646.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3646.67","end_time":"3646.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6663","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3646.87","end_time":"3647.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3647.09","end_time":"3647.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"connection"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3648.75","end_time":"3649.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3649.1","end_time":"3649.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9749","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3649.27","end_time":"3649.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3649.49","end_time":"3650.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"necessarily"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3650.28","end_time":"3651.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3651.21","end_time":"3651.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Causal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3651.69","end_time":"3651.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3651.98","end_time":"3652.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3652.27","end_time":"3652.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3652.49","end_time":"3652.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3652.96","end_time":"3653.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.14","end_time":"3653.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3654.48","end_time":"3654.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3654.61","end_time":"3655.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3655.05","end_time":"3655.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prefer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3655.47","end_time":"3655.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9363","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3655.7","end_time":"3655.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3655.87","end_time":"3656.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.18","end_time":"3657.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3657.03","end_time":"3657.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8618","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3657.13","end_time":"3657.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9009","content":"correlation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3657.83","end_time":"3658.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5186","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.06","end_time":"3658.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correlation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.77","end_time":"3659.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8181","content":"technically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3659.3","end_time":"3659.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3659.64","end_time":"3660.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8926","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3660.04","end_time":"3660.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"linear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.59","end_time":"3661.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3661.63","end_time":"3661.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3661.9","end_time":"3662.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.06","end_time":"3662.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9741","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.2","end_time":"3662.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.46","end_time":"3662.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.61","end_time":"3662.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.68","end_time":"3662.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.78","end_time":"3662.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.86","end_time":"3663.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"linear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3663.14","end_time":"3663.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3663.69","end_time":"3663.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3663.93","end_time":"3664.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3664.14","end_time":"3664.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.01","end_time":"3667.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8922","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3667.32","end_time":"3667.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7222","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.47","end_time":"3667.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.65","end_time":"3667.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.77","end_time":"3667.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.86","end_time":"3668.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3668.13","end_time":"3668.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3668.49","end_time":"3668.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3668.98","end_time":"3669.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.12","end_time":"3669.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.34","end_time":"3669.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.56","end_time":"3669.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.61","end_time":"3669.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7794","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.88","end_time":"3670.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.18","end_time":"3670.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8316","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.35","end_time":"3670.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.44","end_time":"3670.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.7","end_time":"3670.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.99","end_time":"3671.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3671.25","end_time":"3671.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3672.08","end_time":"3672.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3672.79","end_time":"3673.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"eating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3673.11","end_time":"3673.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9395","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3673.65","end_time":"3674.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.33","end_time":"3674.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.44","end_time":"3674.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"reduction"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.87","end_time":"3674.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7296","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.96","end_time":"3675.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3675.19","end_time":"3675.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3680.75","end_time":"3681.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3681.15","end_time":"3681.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.27","end_time":"3681.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.58","end_time":"3681.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.84","end_time":"3682.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.15","end_time":"3682.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.34","end_time":"3682.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3682.79","end_time":"3683.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.01","end_time":"3683.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.12","end_time":"3683.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"best"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.41","end_time":"3683.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.71","end_time":"3683.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.88","end_time":"3684.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3684.58","end_time":"3684.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9562","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3686.51","end_time":"3686.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Based"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3686.93","end_time":"3687.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.1","end_time":"3687.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.17","end_time":"3687.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3687.68","end_time":"3687.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.86","end_time":"3688.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3688.08","end_time":"3688.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3688.59","end_time":"3689.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3689.63","end_time":"3689.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3689.77","end_time":"3690.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8637","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.3","end_time":"3690.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.49","end_time":"3690.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.57","end_time":"3691.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3691.08","end_time":"3691.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3691.2","end_time":"3691.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3691.42","end_time":"3691.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3691.75","end_time":"3691.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3691.99","end_time":"3692.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3692.18","end_time":"3692.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8605","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3692.26","end_time":"3692.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8828","content":"cost"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3693.1","end_time":"3693.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9402","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3693.65","end_time":"3693.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3693.81","end_time":"3693.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3693.97","end_time":"3694.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.1","end_time":"3694.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.798","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.29","end_time":"3694.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.34","end_time":"3694.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3694.71","end_time":"3694.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.82","end_time":"3694.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.9","end_time":"3695.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.14","end_time":"3695.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.31","end_time":"3695.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3696.91","end_time":"3697.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4601","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3697.07","end_time":"3697.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9403","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3698.41","end_time":"3698.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3698.69","end_time":"3699.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.02","end_time":"3699.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.1","end_time":"3699.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.43","end_time":"3699.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.52","end_time":"3699.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.89","end_time":"3700.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3700.11","end_time":"3700.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3700.43","end_time":"3700.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3700.82","end_time":"3700.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3700.92","end_time":"3701.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3701.68","end_time":"3702.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3702.53","end_time":"3702.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3702.87","end_time":"3703.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.02","end_time":"3703.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.29","end_time":"3703.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.51","end_time":"3703.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.59","end_time":"3704.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.18","end_time":"3705.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7895","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.41","end_time":"3705.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.55","end_time":"3705.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.69","end_time":"3705.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.82","end_time":"3706.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"concluded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3706.51","end_time":"3706.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7938","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3706.64","end_time":"3706.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3706.77","end_time":"3707.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"article"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.13","end_time":"3707.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.29","end_time":"3707.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.94","end_time":"3708.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.12","end_time":"3708.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.51","end_time":"3708.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.83","end_time":"3708.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.89","end_time":"3709.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.19","end_time":"3709.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.29","end_time":"3709.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3709.63","end_time":"3710.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3711.51","end_time":"3711.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3711.96","end_time":"3712.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3713.71","end_time":"3714.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3714.16","end_time":"3714.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.31","end_time":"3716.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7421","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3716.62","end_time":"3716.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.87","end_time":"3717.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3717.46","end_time":"3717.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.51","end_time":"3719.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6388","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.73","end_time":"3719.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4661","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.79","end_time":"3720.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.1312","content":"saving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.0","end_time":"3720.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6887","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.12","end_time":"3720.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2169","content":"world"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3722.0","end_time":"3722.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3722.21","end_time":"3722.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3723.7","end_time":"3724.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3724.06","end_time":"3724.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4827","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3724.33","end_time":"3724.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3724.68","end_time":"3725.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3834","content":"knock"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3726.0","end_time":"3726.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3727.1","end_time":"3727.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7899","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3730.31","end_time":"3730.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3730.61","end_time":"3730.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8944","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3730.73","end_time":"3730.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6641","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3730.88","end_time":"3731.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.11","end_time":"3731.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9542","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.19","end_time":"3732.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.4","end_time":"3732.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.72","end_time":"3732.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.91","end_time":"3733.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.26","end_time":"3733.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.55","end_time":"3733.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.65","end_time":"3733.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.87","end_time":"3734.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"relationship"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3734.57","end_time":"3734.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.01","end_time":"3735.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.29","end_time":"3735.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.54","end_time":"3735.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.75","end_time":"3735.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.82","end_time":"3736.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.34","end_time":"3736.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.7","end_time":"3736.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.84","end_time":"3737.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.05","end_time":"3737.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3739.18","end_time":"3739.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3739.51","end_time":"3739.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3739.75","end_time":"3739.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.46","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3739.9","end_time":"3740.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.13","end_time":"3740.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6272","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.2","end_time":"3741.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3741.03","end_time":"3741.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.17","end_time":"3741.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.35","end_time":"3741.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"necessarily"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.91","end_time":"3742.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3742.85","end_time":"3743.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3743.03","end_time":"3743.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3743.64","end_time":"3743.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3743.75","end_time":"3743.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3743.98","end_time":"3744.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3744.23","end_time":"3744.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3744.38","end_time":"3745.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"establish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3745.13","end_time":"3745.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3745.31","end_time":"3745.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3745.44","end_time":"3745.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3745.79","end_time":"3745.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3746.11","end_time":"3746.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3746.39","end_time":"3746.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3747.68","end_time":"3748.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3748.07","end_time":"3748.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3748.66","end_time":"3748.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3748.79","end_time":"3749.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3749.02","end_time":"3749.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3749.37","end_time":"3749.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3749.51","end_time":"3750.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"establish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3750.76","end_time":"3750.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3750.88","end_time":"3750.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3750.99","end_time":"3751.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3751.09","end_time":"3751.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3754.08","end_time":"3754.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3754.9","end_time":"3755.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.11","end_time":"3755.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.27","end_time":"3755.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3755.59","end_time":"3755.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.87","end_time":"3756.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3757.0","end_time":"3757.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6351","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3757.69","end_time":"3758.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.01","end_time":"3758.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.25","end_time":"3758.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.33","end_time":"3758.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.44","end_time":"3758.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.8","end_time":"3759.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3759.03","end_time":"3759.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3759.21","end_time":"3759.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3759.8","end_time":"3759.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3759.96","end_time":"3760.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3760.22","end_time":"3760.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"established"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3760.94","end_time":"3761.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3761.33","end_time":"3761.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3761.65","end_time":"3761.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3761.88","end_time":"3762.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.0","end_time":"3762.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"establish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.66","end_time":"3763.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3764.2","end_time":"3764.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6445","content":"chocolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3764.7","end_time":"3765.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.04","end_time":"3765.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.49","end_time":"3765.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.7","end_time":"3765.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.82","end_time":"3765.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.96","end_time":"3766.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heart"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3766.27","end_time":"3766.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3766.5","end_time":"3766.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3766.94","end_time":"3767.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"isn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3767.3","end_time":"3767.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3767.47","end_time":"3767.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3767.81","end_time":"3768.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3768.08","end_time":"3768.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3768.27","end_time":"3768.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3768.76","end_time":"3769.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3769.03","end_time":"3769.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.46","end_time":"3769.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.53","end_time":"3769.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.63","end_time":"3769.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.81","end_time":"3769.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.91","end_time":"3770.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3770.14","end_time":"3770.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3770.72","end_time":"3771.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3771.25","end_time":"3772.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3772.04","end_time":"3772.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3772.19","end_time":"3772.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"opposed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3772.59","end_time":"3773.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9474","content":"adjusting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.14","end_time":"3773.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.31","end_time":"3773.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9773","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.54","end_time":"3773.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.8","end_time":"3773.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.96","end_time":"3774.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"linked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3774.44","end_time":"3774.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3774.69","end_time":"3774.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3774.84","end_time":"3774.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3774.98","end_time":"3775.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3775.1","end_time":"3775.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3775.24","end_time":"3775.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3775.59","end_time":"3775.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3776.04","end_time":"3776.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3776.39","end_time":"3776.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3776.57","end_time":"3776.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3776.96","end_time":"3777.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"causes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3777.44","end_time":"3777.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3777.61","end_time":"3777.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3778.04","end_time":"3778.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3778.19","end_time":"3778.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3778.33","end_time":"3778.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3778.4","end_time":"3778.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9013","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3778.63","end_time":"3778.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3778.97","end_time":"3779.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3779.25","end_time":"3779.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3779.31","end_time":"3779.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3779.43","end_time":"3779.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3779.62","end_time":"3779.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3779.7","end_time":"3780.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3780.1","end_time":"3780.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3780.28","end_time":"3780.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3780.45","end_time":"3780.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3780.71","end_time":"3781.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"medical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3781.26","end_time":"3781.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"examples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3781.83","end_time":"3782.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3782.26","end_time":"3782.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3782.41","end_time":"3782.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3782.57","end_time":"3782.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3782.65","end_time":"3782.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3782.94","end_time":"3783.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3783.09","end_time":"3783.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3783.14","end_time":"3783.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3783.5","end_time":"3783.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9202","content":"drug"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3783.99","end_time":"3784.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3784.41","end_time":"3784.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"helps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.18","end_time":"3785.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.51","end_time":"3785.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"cure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.85","end_time":"3785.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.92","end_time":"3786.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3786.2","end_time":"3786.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3787.18","end_time":"3787.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9661","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3787.58","end_time":"3787.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3787.75","end_time":"3787.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3787.95","end_time":"3788.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.03","end_time":"3788.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.19","end_time":"3788.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8745","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.35","end_time":"3788.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.42","end_time":"3788.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3788.75","end_time":"3789.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3789.97","end_time":"3790.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7966","content":"assume"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3790.52","end_time":"3790.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3790.79","end_time":"3791.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3791.25","end_time":"3791.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3791.42","end_time":"3791.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"causes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3791.85","end_time":"3792.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3792.01","end_time":"3792.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3792.23","end_time":"3792.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3792.67","end_time":"3792.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9455","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3792.84","end_time":"3793.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"linked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3793.81","end_time":"3794.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3794.03","end_time":"3794.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.13","end_time":"3794.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.29","end_time":"3794.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.36","end_time":"3794.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.6","end_time":"3794.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.92","end_time":"3795.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3795.3","end_time":"3795.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drug"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3795.73","end_time":"3796.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"causes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3796.2","end_time":"3796.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3796.36","end_time":"3796.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3797.03","end_time":"3797.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6633","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3797.45","end_time":"3797.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3797.63","end_time":"3797.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3797.73","end_time":"3798.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.12","end_time":"3798.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.2","end_time":"3798.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"establish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.97","end_time":"3799.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.26","end_time":"3799.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.35","end_time":"3799.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3800.71","end_time":"3800.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3800.92","end_time":"3801.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.03","end_time":"3801.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.32","end_time":"3801.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.52","end_time":"3801.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.69","end_time":"3801.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.87","end_time":"3802.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3802.32","end_time":"3802.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"establishing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3802.9","end_time":"3803.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.19","end_time":"3803.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.28","end_time":"3803.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.89","end_time":"3804.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3804.52","end_time":"3804.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3804.74","end_time":"3805.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3805.69","end_time":"3805.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3805.98","end_time":"3806.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.37","end_time":"3806.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"18"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3806.87","end_time":"3807.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fifties"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3808.07","end_time":"3808.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3808.26","end_time":"3808.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3808.44","end_time":"3808.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9733","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3808.69","end_time":"3809.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.07","end_time":"3809.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rough"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.38","end_time":"3809.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.71","end_time":"3809.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.8","end_time":"3809.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3809.95","end_time":"3810.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"living"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3810.36","end_time":"3810.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3810.46","end_time":"3810.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3811.8","end_time":"3812.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3812.03","end_time":"3812.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3812.11","end_time":"3812.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3812.32","end_time":"3812.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3812.8","end_time":"3813.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.1","end_time":"3813.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.37","end_time":"3813.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wealthy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.7","end_time":"3814.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9551","content":"sections"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3814.24","end_time":"3814.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.37","end_time":"3814.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.49","end_time":"3814.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.63","end_time":"3814.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.8","end_time":"3815.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3815.08","end_time":"3815.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3815.28","end_time":"3815.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3815.54","end_time":"3815.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"poor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3815.81","end_time":"3816.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"sections"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3817.41","end_time":"3817.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3817.71","end_time":"3817.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3817.82","end_time":"3818.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sanitation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3818.55","end_time":"3818.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3818.74","end_time":"3818.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3818.98","end_time":"3819.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"poor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3819.27","end_time":"3819.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3819.35","end_time":"3819.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3819.54","end_time":"3820.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3820.33","end_time":"3820.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3820.43","end_time":"3820.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3820.61","end_time":"3820.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3820.87","end_time":"3821.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3821.06","end_time":"3821.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"waste"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3821.44","end_time":"3822.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disposal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3822.18","end_time":"3822.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5644","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3822.28","end_time":"3822.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"modern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3822.7","end_time":"3823.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"technologies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.48","end_time":"3823.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.77","end_time":"3824.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3824.35","end_time":"3824.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3824.62","end_time":"3824.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3824.73","end_time":"3825.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"love"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3825.01","end_time":"3825.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3826.41","end_time":"3826.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3826.66","end_time":"3826.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9491","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3826.84","end_time":"3827.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"generally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3827.37","end_time":"3827.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3827.74","end_time":"3828.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gross"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.38","end_time":"3828.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.59","end_time":"3829.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smelly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3829.51","end_time":"3830.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.05","end_time":"3830.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.34","end_time":"3830.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.46","end_time":"3830.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.75","end_time":"3831.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.77","end_time":"3832.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3832.97","end_time":"3833.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.64","end_time":"3833.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.91","end_time":"3834.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.05","end_time":"3834.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.15","end_time":"3834.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outbreak"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.99","end_time":"3835.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3835.26","end_time":"3835.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cholera"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3836.0","end_time":"3836.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.19","end_time":"3836.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7088","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.31","end_time":"3836.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8818","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.02","end_time":"3837.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deadly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.55","end_time":"3838.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3839.15","end_time":"3839.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3839.51","end_time":"3839.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3839.62","end_time":"3840.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"believe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3840.0","end_time":"3840.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3840.3","end_time":"3840.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3840.52","end_time":"3840.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.27","end_time":"3841.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.75","end_time":"3842.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8766","content":"cut"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.33","end_time":"3842.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"coming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.65","end_time":"3842.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.84","end_time":"3843.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"overseas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.55","end_time":"3843.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.69","end_time":"3844.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bringing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.0","end_time":"3844.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.87","end_time":"3845.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3845.11","end_time":"3845.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3846.39","end_time":"3847.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7881","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3847.75","end_time":"3848.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3848.02","end_time":"3848.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3848.32","end_time":"3848.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"collar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3848.7","end_time":"3849.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"epidemic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3849.32","end_time":"3849.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3849.64","end_time":"3849.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3849.8","end_time":"3850.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.01","end_time":"3850.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.1","end_time":"3850.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"waves"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3850.63","end_time":"3850.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.73","end_time":"3850.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.8","end_time":"3850.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.95","end_time":"3851.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wipe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3851.23","end_time":"3851.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3851.97","end_time":"3852.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9791","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3853.19","end_time":"3853.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thousands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3853.75","end_time":"3853.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3853.9","end_time":"3854.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3854.38","end_time":"3854.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3854.49","end_time":"3854.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3854.53","end_time":"3855.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3855.49","end_time":"3855.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3855.72","end_time":"3855.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3855.84","end_time":"3855.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3855.92","end_time":"3856.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3856.06","end_time":"3856.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recede"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3857.05","end_time":"3857.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3857.26","end_time":"3857.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3857.48","end_time":"3857.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3857.61","end_time":"3857.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9476","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3857.68","end_time":"3858.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"population"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3858.28","end_time":"3858.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3858.43","end_time":"3858.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3858.92","end_time":"3858.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3858.99","end_time":"3859.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"starting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3859.28","end_time":"3859.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3859.42","end_time":"3859.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recover"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3859.97","end_time":"3860.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3860.29","end_time":"3861.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rebuild"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3861.23","end_time":"3861.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5408","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3861.41","end_time":"3861.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3861.78","end_time":"3862.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"wave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.0","end_time":"3862.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.13","end_time":"3862.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.46","end_time":"3862.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.59","end_time":"3862.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"wipe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.8","end_time":"3862.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.99","end_time":"3863.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.18","end_time":"3863.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3864.1","end_time":"3864.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9679","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3864.31","end_time":"3864.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6783","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3864.37","end_time":"3864.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6783","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3864.57","end_time":"3865.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3865.07","end_time":"3865.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tragic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3865.93","end_time":"3866.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difficult"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.45","end_time":"3866.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.7","end_time":"3866.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.8","end_time":"3867.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"live"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3867.07","end_time":"3867.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3867.24","end_time":"3867.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3867.36","end_time":"3867.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"addition"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3867.75","end_time":"3868.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7097","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3868.18","end_time":"3868.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3868.5","end_time":"3868.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9461","content":"poor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3868.98","end_time":"3869.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.62","end_time":"3869.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9062","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.85","end_time":"3870.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unsanitary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3870.79","end_time":"3871.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.586","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.0","end_time":"3871.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.33","end_time":"3871.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"living"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.63","end_time":"3871.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.73","end_time":"3871.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.95","end_time":"3872.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3872.04","end_time":"3872.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3872.23","end_time":"3872.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"epidemic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3873.39","end_time":"3873.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9331","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3874.29","end_time":"3874.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.5","end_time":"3874.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.85","end_time":"3875.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3875.36","end_time":"3875.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3875.7","end_time":"3876.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"concerned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3876.36","end_time":"3876.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3876.66","end_time":"3876.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3876.8","end_time":"3877.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"epidemic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3877.39","end_time":"3877.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3877.45","end_time":"3877.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3877.57","end_time":"3878.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"affecting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3878.01","end_time":"3878.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everybody's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3878.52","end_time":"3878.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3878.95","end_time":"3879.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3879.04","end_time":"3879.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3879.16","end_time":"3879.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9351","content":"families"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3880.01","end_time":"3880.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3880.11","end_time":"3880.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3880.2","end_time":"3880.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3880.32","end_time":"3880.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3880.68","end_time":"3880.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3880.82","end_time":"3881.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.05","end_time":"3881.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.42","end_time":"3881.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.74","end_time":"3881.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.87","end_time":"3882.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3882.3","end_time":"3882.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3882.61","end_time":"3882.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9367","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3882.82","end_time":"3882.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3882.93","end_time":"3883.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3883.11","end_time":"3883.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3883.27","end_time":"3883.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3883.34","end_time":"3883.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"pressing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3883.99","end_time":"3884.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"desire"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3884.56","end_time":"3884.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5611","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.12","end_time":"3885.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.52","end_time":"3885.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.68","end_time":"3885.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.77","end_time":"3886.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3886.28","end_time":"3886.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3886.4","end_time":"3886.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3886.58","end_time":"3886.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3886.95","end_time":"3887.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3887.09","end_time":"3887.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3887.2","end_time":"3887.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3887.3","end_time":"3888.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"experiencing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3888.59","end_time":"3888.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9316","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3888.79","end_time":"3888.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3888.89","end_time":"3889.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"leading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.22","end_time":"3889.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.59","end_time":"3889.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.7","end_time":"3889.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.8","end_time":"3890.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.07","end_time":"3891.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.72","end_time":"3891.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.98","end_time":"3892.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.494","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3892.32","end_time":"3892.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5163","content":"Matiz"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3892.69","end_time":"3893.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3893.46","end_time":"3893.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3893.91","end_time":"3894.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.06","end_time":"3894.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"isn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.35","end_time":"3894.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.56","end_time":"3894.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.63","end_time":"3894.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.83","end_time":"3894.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.93","end_time":"3895.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3895.2","end_time":"3895.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3895.42","end_time":"3895.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3896.01","end_time":"3896.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9605","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3896.53","end_time":"3896.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3896.79","end_time":"3896.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3896.96","end_time":"3897.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"asthma"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3897.77","end_time":"3897.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3897.97","end_time":"3898.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3898.04","end_time":"3898.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3898.4","end_time":"3898.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3900.15","end_time":"3900.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.29","end_time":"3901.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6325","content":"waste"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.84","end_time":"3901.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.98","end_time":"3902.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rotting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3902.32","end_time":"3902.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"matter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3902.65","end_time":"3903.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3903.1","end_time":"3903.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3903.57","end_time":"3903.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3903.85","end_time":"3903.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3903.99","end_time":"3904.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.19","end_time":"3904.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"admit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.49","end_time":"3904.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8626","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.73","end_time":"3905.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.06","end_time":"3905.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.69","end_time":"3905.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.83","end_time":"3905.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.96","end_time":"3906.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asthma's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.59","end_time":"3906.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8826","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.76","end_time":"3907.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.57","end_time":"3907.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.96","end_time":"3908.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.21","end_time":"3908.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.29","end_time":"3908.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.43","end_time":"3908.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.65","end_time":"3909.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particles"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.38","end_time":"3909.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.84","end_time":"3910.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3910.02","end_time":"3910.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"carried"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3911.05","end_time":"3911.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3911.54","end_time":"3911.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3911.65","end_time":"3912.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3912.16","end_time":"3912.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3912.42","end_time":"3912.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3912.52","end_time":"3913.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"nose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3913.93","end_time":"3914.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.17","end_time":"3914.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.27","end_time":"3914.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.51","end_time":"3914.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.58","end_time":"3914.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.73","end_time":"3915.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3915.24","end_time":"3915.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3915.38","end_time":"3916.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3916.43","end_time":"3916.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3916.86","end_time":"3917.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3917.24","end_time":"3918.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9266","content":"diseases"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3918.39","end_time":"3919.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3919.17","end_time":"3919.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3919.39","end_time":"3919.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3919.85","end_time":"3920.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3921.3","end_time":"3922.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"potential"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3922.07","end_time":"3922.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remedies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3923.15","end_time":"3923.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3923.34","end_time":"3923.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3923.68","end_time":"3923.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3923.93","end_time":"3924.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3924.03","end_time":"3924.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3924.73","end_time":"3925.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.13","end_time":"3925.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.24","end_time":"3925.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smelling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.78","end_time":"3925.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.9","end_time":"3926.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"rotting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3926.23","end_time":"3926.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"garbage"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3927.38","end_time":"3927.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3927.54","end_time":"3927.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3927.66","end_time":"3927.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3927.96","end_time":"3928.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"held"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3928.24","end_time":"3928.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3928.36","end_time":"3928.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3928.52","end_time":"3929.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"flowers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.01","end_time":"3929.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.11","end_time":"3929.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.23","end_time":"3929.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"nose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.59","end_time":"3929.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.67","end_time":"3930.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3930.57","end_time":"3931.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.03","end_time":"3931.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.25","end_time":"3931.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.4","end_time":"3931.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.52","end_time":"3931.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.64","end_time":"3931.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3931.9","end_time":"3932.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7692","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.1","end_time":"3932.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6767","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.18","end_time":"3932.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.36","end_time":"3932.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.46","end_time":"3932.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.76","end_time":"3932.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.87","end_time":"3933.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3933.17","end_time":"3933.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"smells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3933.56","end_time":"3933.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9469","content":"You'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3933.66","end_time":"3933.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3933.75","end_time":"3934.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3934.0","end_time":"3934.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3934.1","end_time":"3934.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3934.3","end_time":"3934.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"smells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3935.19","end_time":"3935.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9718","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3935.38","end_time":"3935.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3935.49","end_time":"3935.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3935.79","end_time":"3936.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3936.02","end_time":"3936.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3936.32","end_time":"3936.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3936.52","end_time":"3936.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"carry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3936.83","end_time":"3937.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3937.3","end_time":"3937.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"flowers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3937.95","end_time":"3938.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3938.08","end_time":"3938.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3938.19","end_time":"3938.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3938.55","end_time":"3938.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3939.16","end_time":"3939.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9015","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3940.04","end_time":"3940.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3940.26","end_time":"3940.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3940.36","end_time":"3940.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3940.46","end_time":"3940.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"remedies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3940.91","end_time":"3941.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3941.54","end_time":"3941.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3941.76","end_time":"3942.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.55","end_time":"3942.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.79","end_time":"3942.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.94","end_time":"3943.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.18","end_time":"3943.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.32","end_time":"3943.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smelly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3943.98","end_time":"3944.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3944.62","end_time":"3944.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3944.85","end_time":"3945.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3945.19","end_time":"3945.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3945.99","end_time":"3946.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3946.64","end_time":"3946.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3946.79","end_time":"3947.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.16","end_time":"3947.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.32","end_time":"3947.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fire"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.71","end_time":"3947.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.9","end_time":"3948.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"barrels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3948.32","end_time":"3948.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3948.46","end_time":"3949.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"gunpowder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3949.65","end_time":"3950.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3950.59","end_time":"3950.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3950.88","end_time":"3951.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3951.13","end_time":"3951.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3951.26","end_time":"3951.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3951.46","end_time":"3952.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hunting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3952.12","end_time":"3952.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figured"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3952.51","end_time":"3952.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3952.7","end_time":"3952.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3952.98","end_time":"3953.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.13","end_time":"3953.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.22","end_time":"3953.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.45","end_time":"3953.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.68","end_time":"3953.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.85","end_time":"3954.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hunting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3954.18","end_time":"3954.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.31","end_time":"3954.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smelled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.64","end_time":"3954.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.82","end_time":"3955.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"gunpowder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3955.98","end_time":"3956.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3956.2","end_time":"3956.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"therefore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3956.54","end_time":"3956.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3956.63","end_time":"3956.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3956.92","end_time":"3957.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.24","end_time":"3957.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.42","end_time":"3957.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.52","end_time":"3958.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"garbage"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3958.1","end_time":"3958.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3959.29","end_time":"3959.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3959.55","end_time":"3960.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3960.03","end_time":"3960.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3960.13","end_time":"3960.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fire"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3960.56","end_time":"3960.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3960.73","end_time":"3961.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"barrels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3961.08","end_time":"3961.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3961.2","end_time":"3961.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"gunpowder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3961.77","end_time":"3961.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3961.87","end_time":"3961.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3961.94","end_time":"3962.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"middle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.19","end_time":"3962.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.31","end_time":"3962.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.67","end_time":"3962.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3962.82","end_time":"3963.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3963.02","end_time":"3963.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3963.39","end_time":"3963.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3963.62","end_time":"3963.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3963.86","end_time":"3964.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3964.02","end_time":"3964.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"gunpowder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3964.61","end_time":"3964.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3964.72","end_time":"3964.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3964.89","end_time":"3965.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3965.04","end_time":"3965.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3965.16","end_time":"3965.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3965.94","end_time":"3966.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3966.08","end_time":"3966.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rotting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3966.44","end_time":"3966.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"matter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3967.55","end_time":"3967.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7486","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3967.67","end_time":"3967.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7352","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3967.81","end_time":"3968.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.52","end_time":"3969.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"ring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.71","end_time":"3970.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.01","end_time":"3970.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.1","end_time":"3970.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8505","content":"Rosie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3970.46","end_time":"3970.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.59","end_time":"3970.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8956","content":"pocket"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.9","end_time":"3971.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.886","content":"full"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.03","end_time":"3971.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8961","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.1","end_time":"3971.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7374","content":"poses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.44","end_time":"3971.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7896","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.57","end_time":"3971.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.63","end_time":"3971.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.92","end_time":"3972.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.1","end_time":"3972.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.66","end_time":"3972.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.87","end_time":"3973.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3973.01","end_time":"3973.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3973.32","end_time":"3973.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3973.43","end_time":"3973.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plague"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3973.99","end_time":"3974.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.15","end_time":"3974.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.29","end_time":"3974.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.45","end_time":"3974.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.51","end_time":"3974.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.81","end_time":"3975.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"epidemic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3975.19","end_time":"3975.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3975.32","end_time":"3975.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3975.38","end_time":"3975.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3975.5","end_time":"3975.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3975.6","end_time":"3976.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3976.05","end_time":"3976.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3976.26","end_time":"3976.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3976.33","end_time":"3976.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3977.02","end_time":"3977.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9185","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3977.24","end_time":"3977.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"smelling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3977.72","end_time":"3977.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3978.45","end_time":"3978.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3978.65","end_time":"3978.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3978.88","end_time":"3979.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3979.33","end_time":"3979.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"smelling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3979.84","end_time":"3980.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3980.7","end_time":"3980.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3980.92","end_time":"3981.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smelling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3981.37","end_time":"3981.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6691","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3981.51","end_time":"3981.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3981.71","end_time":"3982.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7827","content":"toward"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3982.14","end_time":"3982.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3982.33","end_time":"3983.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8577","content":"diseases"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.28","end_time":"3984.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.54","end_time":"3984.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.66","end_time":"3984.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.87","end_time":"3985.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3985.21","end_time":"3985.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3985.34","end_time":"3985.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3985.77","end_time":"3986.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3986.1","end_time":"3986.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3986.31","end_time":"3986.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"true"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3987.17","end_time":"3987.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3987.43","end_time":"3987.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9585","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3987.58","end_time":"3988.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"germs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3988.11","end_time":"3988.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9192","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3988.24","end_time":"3988.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3988.74","end_time":"3989.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"diseases"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3989.28","end_time":"3989.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"spread"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3989.96","end_time":"3990.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3990.18","end_time":"3990.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3990.33","end_time":"3990.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3990.43","end_time":"3991.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3991.22","end_time":"3991.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3991.42","end_time":"3991.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6944","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3991.52","end_time":"3991.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3991.61","end_time":"3992.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3993.47","end_time":"3993.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9111","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3993.6","end_time":"3993.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7564","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3993.72","end_time":"3993.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7853","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3993.83","end_time":"3994.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harsh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3994.26","end_time":"3994.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"divide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3994.77","end_time":"3995.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3995.13","end_time":"3995.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3995.36","end_time":"3995.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9718","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3995.5","end_time":"3995.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6794","content":"asthma"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3995.91","end_time":"3996.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6097","content":"typists"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3996.5","end_time":"3996.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3996.7","end_time":"3997.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"believed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3997.15","end_time":"3997.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3997.47","end_time":"3997.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3997.64","end_time":"3997.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.33","end_time":"3998.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.82","end_time":"3999.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3999.3","end_time":"3999.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8254","content":"versus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3999.79","end_time":"4000.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"germ"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.27","end_time":"4000.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8189","content":"theorists"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4001.74","end_time":"4001.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8333","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4001.96","end_time":"4002.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"Florence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4002.33","end_time":"4003.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"Nightingale"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4003.03","end_time":"4003.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.14","end_time":"4003.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.62","end_time":"4003.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.92","end_time":"4004.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.0","end_time":"4004.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.1","end_time":"4004.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"founders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.57","end_time":"4004.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4005.12","end_time":"4005.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"modern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4005.61","end_time":"4006.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nursing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4006.12","end_time":"4006.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.24","end_time":"4006.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8967","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.3","end_time":"4006.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nurse"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.56","end_time":"4007.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"educator"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4007.9","end_time":"4008.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"She's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.18","end_time":"4008.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.38","end_time":"4008.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"famous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4008.82","end_time":"4008.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"She"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.97","end_time":"4009.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.1","end_time":"4009.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.26","end_time":"4009.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.38","end_time":"4009.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.91","end_time":"4010.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harshest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4010.62","end_time":"4011.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"staunchest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.17","end_time":"4011.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"believers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.72","end_time":"4011.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9449","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.87","end_time":"4011.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9309","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.94","end_time":"4012.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4012.09","end_time":"4012.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9643","content":"ass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4012.39","end_time":"4012.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8741","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4012.48","end_time":"4012.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4012.79","end_time":"4012.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4012.93","end_time":"4013.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"she"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4013.07","end_time":"4013.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4013.23","end_time":"4013.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"known"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4013.44","end_time":"4013.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4013.71","end_time":"4014.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8171","content":"ridiculing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4014.26","end_time":"4014.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4014.55","end_time":"4014.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4014.67","end_time":"4015.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"believed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4015.01","end_time":"4015.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4015.12","end_time":"4015.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"germs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4016.89","end_time":"4017.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.33","end_time":"4017.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"she"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.46","end_time":"4017.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"turned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.65","end_time":"4017.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.74","end_time":"4017.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.81","end_time":"4017.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.93","end_time":"4018.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wrong"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4018.23","end_time":"4018.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4019.5","end_time":"4019.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4019.71","end_time":"4019.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4019.81","end_time":"4020.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4020.88","end_time":"4021.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"she"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.09","end_time":"4021.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.23","end_time":"4021.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.33","end_time":"4021.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.6","end_time":"4021.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.75","end_time":"4021.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.82","end_time":"4022.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"majority"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4022.51","end_time":"4022.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4022.7","end_time":"4022.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4022.78","end_time":"4023.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.06","end_time":"4023.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.52","end_time":"4023.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9638","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.79","end_time":"4023.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.86","end_time":"4023.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.96","end_time":"4024.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6568","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4024.02","end_time":"4024.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"germs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4025.18","end_time":"4025.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.8","end_time":"4025.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.88","end_time":"4026.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4026.11","end_time":"4026.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ridiculous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4027.56","end_time":"4027.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4027.87","end_time":"4028.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9089","content":"Jon"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4028.22","end_time":"4029.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Snow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.07","end_time":"4029.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.34","end_time":"4029.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.46","end_time":"4030.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4030.01","end_time":"4030.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"character"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4030.61","end_time":"4030.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4030.72","end_time":"4030.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8506","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4030.87","end_time":"4031.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4031.78","end_time":"4031.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4031.98","end_time":"4032.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4032.2","end_time":"4032.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4032.34","end_time":"4033.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anesthesiologist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4034.0","end_time":"4034.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4034.26","end_time":"4034.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4034.39","end_time":"4034.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4034.53","end_time":"4034.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4034.59","end_time":"4035.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doctor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.07","end_time":"4035.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.18","end_time":"4035.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.27","end_time":"4035.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4035.88","end_time":"4036.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4036.25","end_time":"4036.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"while"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4036.83","end_time":"4037.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cholera"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.26","end_time":"4037.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.46","end_time":"4037.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.66","end_time":"4037.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4037.93","end_time":"4038.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4038.01","end_time":"4038.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4038.13","end_time":"4038.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4038.25","end_time":"4039.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anesthesia"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4039.4","end_time":"4039.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4039.6","end_time":"4039.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4039.75","end_time":"4039.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4039.97","end_time":"4040.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"generally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4040.41","end_time":"4040.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4040.77","end_time":"4040.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4040.83","end_time":"4040.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4040.9","end_time":"4041.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4041.26","end_time":"4041.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4041.52","end_time":"4041.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4041.93","end_time":"4042.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.04","end_time":"4042.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.39","end_time":"4042.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.45","end_time":"4042.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.59","end_time":"4042.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.85","end_time":"4043.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.02","end_time":"4043.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.13","end_time":"4043.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.38","end_time":"4043.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"killing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.85","end_time":"4044.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.27","end_time":"4044.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.43","end_time":"4044.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"family"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.75","end_time":"4044.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.86","end_time":"4045.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"friends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4045.23","end_time":"4045.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4045.43","end_time":"4045.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.56","end_time":"4045.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5186","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.62","end_time":"4045.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5612","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.74","end_time":"4045.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4045.86","end_time":"4046.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"urgent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4046.35","end_time":"4046.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4047.06","end_time":"4047.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8852","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4047.51","end_time":"4047.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.7","end_time":"4047.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.88","end_time":"4047.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.93","end_time":"4048.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doctor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.33","end_time":"4048.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.46","end_time":"4048.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.83","end_time":"4049.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6565","content":"trained"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4049.27","end_time":"4049.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6695","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4049.67","end_time":"4049.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6715","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4049.78","end_time":"4050.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4050.01","end_time":"4050.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4050.06","end_time":"4050.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4050.37","end_time":"4050.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4050.97","end_time":"4051.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.26","end_time":"4051.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.64","end_time":"4051.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.85","end_time":"4052.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"curious"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4052.24","end_time":"4052.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.36","end_time":"4053.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.73","end_time":"4053.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.89","end_time":"4054.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4054.04","end_time":"4054.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4054.46","end_time":"4054.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4055.13","end_time":"4055.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4055.43","end_time":"4055.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4055.56","end_time":"4055.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4055.98","end_time":"4056.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.08","end_time":"4056.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.28","end_time":"4056.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.39","end_time":"4056.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.55","end_time":"4056.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.71","end_time":"4056.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.96","end_time":"4057.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"research"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4057.75","end_time":"4058.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.47","end_time":"4058.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6596","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.67","end_time":"4058.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.8","end_time":"4058.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.86","end_time":"4058.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4058.93","end_time":"4059.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.08","end_time":"4059.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"come"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.29","end_time":"4059.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.41","end_time":"4059.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.93","end_time":"4060.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.31","end_time":"4060.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.45","end_time":"4060.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.65","end_time":"4061.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.39","end_time":"4061.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.65","end_time":"4061.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.83","end_time":"4061.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.94","end_time":"4062.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.88","end_time":"4064.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.06","end_time":"4064.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.18","end_time":"4064.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.48","end_time":"4064.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.57","end_time":"4064.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.98","end_time":"4065.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4065.8","end_time":"4066.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4066.58","end_time":"4067.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"Waas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4067.78","end_time":"4068.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.11","end_time":"4068.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.4","end_time":"4068.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.48","end_time":"4068.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.8","end_time":"4069.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"addresses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4069.54","end_time":"4069.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8254","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4069.82","end_time":"4069.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4069.98","end_time":"4070.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.06","end_time":"4070.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6479","content":"centre"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.4","end_time":"4070.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.51","end_time":"4071.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4071.33","end_time":"4071.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4071.73","end_time":"4072.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8692","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.17","end_time":"4072.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.39","end_time":"4072.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.89","end_time":"4073.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4073.0","end_time":"4073.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4073.18","end_time":"4073.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4073.39","end_time":"4073.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4073.75","end_time":"4074.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"died"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.18","end_time":"4074.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.32","end_time":"4074.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.51","end_time":"4074.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.61","end_time":"4074.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4074.75","end_time":"4075.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"addresses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4075.96","end_time":"4076.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4076.15","end_time":"4076.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4076.24","end_time":"4076.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4076.44","end_time":"4076.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4076.49","end_time":"4077.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.1","end_time":"4077.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.27","end_time":"4077.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.56","end_time":"4077.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.67","end_time":"4078.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"geographical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.51","end_time":"4078.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"spread"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.85","end_time":"4078.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4078.96","end_time":"4079.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4079.05","end_time":"4079.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4080.37","end_time":"4081.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.2","end_time":"4081.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.5","end_time":"4081.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.64","end_time":"4081.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.73","end_time":"4082.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4082.11","end_time":"4082.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4082.28","end_time":"4082.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4082.53","end_time":"4082.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tiny"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4082.88","end_time":"4083.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.0","end_time":"4083.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.08","end_time":"4083.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"projector"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.53","end_time":"4083.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"screen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4083.82","end_time":"4083.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.93","end_time":"4084.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4084.05","end_time":"4084.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4084.28","end_time":"4084.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4084.52","end_time":"4084.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bigger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4084.85","end_time":"4085.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"image"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4085.14","end_time":"4085.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4085.23","end_time":"4085.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4085.35","end_time":"4086.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9849","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4086.33","end_time":"4086.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4086.54","end_time":"4086.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4086.64","end_time":"4086.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4086.81","end_time":"4086.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4086.89","end_time":"4087.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.18","end_time":"4087.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.36","end_time":"4087.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.44","end_time":"4087.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.86","end_time":"4088.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4088.08","end_time":"4088.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4088.24","end_time":"4088.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4088.73","end_time":"4089.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"parts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4090.07","end_time":"4090.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4090.35","end_time":"4090.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4090.48","end_time":"4091.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"black"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4091.9","end_time":"4092.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4092.23","end_time":"4092.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.522","content":"lines"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4092.77","end_time":"4093.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stacked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.21","end_time":"4093.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.4","end_time":"4093.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.53","end_time":"4093.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"top"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.73","end_time":"4093.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4093.84","end_time":"4094.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4094.02","end_time":"4094.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4094.89","end_time":"4095.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7998","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.17","end_time":"4096.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.37","end_time":"4096.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.71","end_time":"4096.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.85","end_time":"4097.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4097.21","end_time":"4097.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9289","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4097.35","end_time":"4097.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4097.55","end_time":"4098.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4098.17","end_time":"4098.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4098.44","end_time":"4098.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4098.63","end_time":"4099.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4099.11","end_time":"4099.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9535","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4099.31","end_time":"4099.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4099.6","end_time":"4099.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4099.83","end_time":"4100.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4100.27","end_time":"4100.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4100.46","end_time":"4100.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4100.86","end_time":"4101.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4101.21","end_time":"4101.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5519","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4101.55","end_time":"4101.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4101.82","end_time":"4102.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.12","end_time":"4102.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.24","end_time":"4102.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"eight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.41","end_time":"4102.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4103.3","end_time":"4103.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4103.5","end_time":"4103.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4103.87","end_time":"4104.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.01","end_time":"4104.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.24","end_time":"4104.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.52","end_time":"4104.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"death"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.88","end_time":"4105.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.09","end_time":"4105.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4106.02","end_time":"4106.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4106.34","end_time":"4106.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"streets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4106.62","end_time":"4106.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4106.79","end_time":"4106.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4106.97","end_time":"4107.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4108.28","end_time":"4108.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.474","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4108.34","end_time":"4108.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9677","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4109.05","end_time":"4109.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4109.45","end_time":"4109.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4109.54","end_time":"4109.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4109.71","end_time":"4109.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4109.9","end_time":"4110.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8418","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.13","end_time":"4110.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.29","end_time":"4110.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.39","end_time":"4110.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.75","end_time":"4111.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"significant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.51","end_time":"4112.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"geographical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.61","end_time":"4113.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cluster"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4114.07","end_time":"4114.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8687","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4114.37","end_time":"4114.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4114.54","end_time":"4114.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4114.86","end_time":"4115.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4115.79","end_time":"4116.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.0","end_time":"4116.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.18","end_time":"4116.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.35","end_time":"4117.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particularly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.1","end_time":"4117.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"crazy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4117.67","end_time":"4118.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4118.05","end_time":"4118.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4118.17","end_time":"4118.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4118.45","end_time":"4118.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"died"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4118.71","end_time":"4118.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4118.91","end_time":"4119.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4120.3","end_time":"4120.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.53","end_time":"4120.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.59","end_time":"4120.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.83","end_time":"4120.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.98","end_time":"4121.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"living"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4121.35","end_time":"4121.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4121.57","end_time":"4121.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4123.87","end_time":"4124.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4124.97","end_time":"4125.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4125.28","end_time":"4125.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4125.63","end_time":"4125.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4125.8","end_time":"4126.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"must"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4126.05","end_time":"4126.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4126.16","end_time":"4126.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4126.46","end_time":"4127.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4127.17","end_time":"4127.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4127.41","end_time":"4127.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4127.53","end_time":"4127.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4127.85","end_time":"4128.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.29","end_time":"4128.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9754","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.49","end_time":"4128.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.84","end_time":"4129.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4129.81","end_time":"4130.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4130.05","end_time":"4130.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4130.17","end_time":"4130.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4130.5","end_time":"4130.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4130.61","end_time":"4130.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4130.7","end_time":"4131.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4131.19","end_time":"4131.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4131.34","end_time":"4131.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4131.65","end_time":"4131.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9754","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4131.82","end_time":"4132.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4132.08","end_time":"4132.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4132.32","end_time":"4132.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"aren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4132.9","end_time":"4133.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4133.32","end_time":"4133.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4133.59","end_time":"4133.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4133.67","end_time":"4133.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4133.86","end_time":"4134.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.03","end_time":"4134.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.11","end_time":"4134.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.27","end_time":"4134.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4134.36","end_time":"4134.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4135.37","end_time":"4136.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4136.86","end_time":"4136.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4136.96","end_time":"4137.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9718","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.21","end_time":"4137.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.41","end_time":"4137.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.63","end_time":"4137.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.94","end_time":"4138.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4138.05","end_time":"4138.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4138.16","end_time":"4138.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"walk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4138.39","end_time":"4138.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4138.58","end_time":"4138.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"block"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4138.84","end_time":"4139.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4139.57","end_time":"4139.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4140.53","end_time":"4141.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4141.63","end_time":"4142.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4143.47","end_time":"4143.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6888","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4143.59","end_time":"4144.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4144.0","end_time":"4144.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4144.34","end_time":"4144.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4144.67","end_time":"4144.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4144.84","end_time":"4144.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"him"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4144.98","end_time":"4145.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4145.17","end_time":"4145.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4145.26","end_time":"4145.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4145.52","end_time":"4145.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4145.6","end_time":"4145.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4145.96","end_time":"4146.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4146.13","end_time":"4146.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4147.12","end_time":"4147.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4147.5","end_time":"4148.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9531","content":"addresses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4149.26","end_time":"4149.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4149.52","end_time":"4149.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8636","content":"Nobody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4149.89","end_time":"4150.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4150.04","end_time":"4150.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"dying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4150.59","end_time":"4150.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4150.77","end_time":"4150.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4150.96","end_time":"4151.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4151.22","end_time":"4151.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"door"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4151.45","end_time":"4151.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8198","content":"tons"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4151.72","end_time":"4151.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"People"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4151.97","end_time":"4152.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.09","end_time":"4152.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4152.59","end_time":"4152.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.79","end_time":"4152.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.9","end_time":"4153.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.15","end_time":"4153.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.41","end_time":"4153.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"sell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.58","end_time":"4153.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.78","end_time":"4154.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4154.22","end_time":"4154.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4154.83","end_time":"4154.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4154.96","end_time":"4155.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4155.1","end_time":"4155.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4155.25","end_time":"4155.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4155.43","end_time":"4155.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4155.58","end_time":"4155.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"breathe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4155.83","end_time":"4156.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"outside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4156.18","end_time":"4156.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4156.29","end_time":"4156.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6721","content":"neighbor's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4156.64","end_time":"4156.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"house"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4156.9","end_time":"4157.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8719","content":"versus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4157.27","end_time":"4157.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4157.63","end_time":"4157.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4157.78","end_time":"4158.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4158.95","end_time":"4159.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4159.21","end_time":"4159.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.43","end_time":"4159.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.6","end_time":"4159.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.8","end_time":"4159.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.94","end_time":"4160.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.0","end_time":"4160.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.13","end_time":"4160.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.2","end_time":"4160.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7576","content":"smells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4160.6","end_time":"4160.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.72","end_time":"4160.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.9","end_time":"4160.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.96","end_time":"4161.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.07","end_time":"4161.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.37","end_time":"4161.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4161.69","end_time":"4162.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.2","end_time":"4162.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"symptoms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.74","end_time":"4162.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.86","end_time":"4163.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cholera"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4163.82","end_time":"4164.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8144","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4164.11","end_time":"4164.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4164.33","end_time":"4165.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7937","content":"gastrointestinal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4165.89","end_time":"4166.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"vomiting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4166.44","end_time":"4167.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9441","content":"diarrhea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.04","end_time":"4167.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.29","end_time":"4167.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.37","end_time":"4167.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4168.04","end_time":"4168.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.27","end_time":"4168.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.43","end_time":"4168.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.7","end_time":"4168.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.91","end_time":"4169.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4169.1","end_time":"4169.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4169.2","end_time":"4169.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4169.37","end_time":"4169.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4169.61","end_time":"4169.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.03","end_time":"4170.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.46","end_time":"4170.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.58","end_time":"4170.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"eat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.78","end_time":"4170.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.85","end_time":"4171.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drink"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4171.7","end_time":"4171.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6581","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4171.91","end_time":"4172.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4172.27","end_time":"4172.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4172.37","end_time":"4172.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4173.09","end_time":"4173.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9551","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4173.51","end_time":"4173.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4173.71","end_time":"4173.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4173.99","end_time":"4174.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.44","end_time":"4174.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.67","end_time":"4175.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.28","end_time":"4175.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.43","end_time":"4175.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.6","end_time":"4175.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"coming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.96","end_time":"4176.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4176.63","end_time":"4176.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8298","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4176.78","end_time":"4177.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"food"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4177.41","end_time":"4177.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4177.63","end_time":"4177.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"drink"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4177.98","end_time":"4178.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"source"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4178.93","end_time":"4179.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.23","end_time":"4179.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.33","end_time":"4179.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.59","end_time":"4179.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.72","end_time":"4179.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.84","end_time":"4180.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4180.3","end_time":"4180.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9462","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4180.45","end_time":"4180.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4180.88","end_time":"4181.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6934","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.06","end_time":"4181.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.4","end_time":"4181.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drinks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.73","end_time":"4182.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4182.27","end_time":"4182.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4183.13","end_time":"4183.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6059","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.28","end_time":"4183.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.39","end_time":"4183.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.49","end_time":"4184.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.34","end_time":"4184.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.49","end_time":"4184.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.75","end_time":"4184.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6178","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.93","end_time":"4185.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4185.87","end_time":"4186.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.36","end_time":"4186.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.72","end_time":"4187.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pumps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4187.36","end_time":"4187.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4187.53","end_time":"4187.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4187.61","end_time":"4187.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"middle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4187.91","end_time":"4188.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4188.02","end_time":"4188.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4188.12","end_time":"4188.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"streets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4188.7","end_time":"4189.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4189.09","end_time":"4189.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8942","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4190.22","end_time":"4190.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9337","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4190.45","end_time":"4190.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9655","content":"located"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4190.94","end_time":"4191.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5318","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4191.32","end_time":"4191.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"marked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4191.66","end_time":"4191.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4191.76","end_time":"4191.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4191.82","end_time":"4192.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4192.1","end_time":"4192.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4192.24","end_time":"4192.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4192.46","end_time":"4192.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"circles"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4192.87","end_time":"4192.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7059","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4192.98","end_time":"4193.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8669","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.17","end_time":"4193.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8669","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.23","end_time":"4193.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.36","end_time":"4193.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.44","end_time":"4193.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4193.62","end_time":"4193.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.84","end_time":"4194.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4194.01","end_time":"4194.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4194.18","end_time":"4194.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4194.75","end_time":"4194.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8502","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4194.96","end_time":"4195.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.11","end_time":"4195.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.29","end_time":"4195.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4196.46","end_time":"4196.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4196.72","end_time":"4196.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4196.89","end_time":"4197.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4197.08","end_time":"4197.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4197.5","end_time":"4197.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4197.63","end_time":"4197.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4197.78","end_time":"4198.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4198.33","end_time":"4198.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4199.47","end_time":"4199.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Wide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4199.85","end_time":"4200.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8889","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4200.2","end_time":"4200.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4200.95","end_time":"4201.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4201.14","end_time":"4201.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4201.47","end_time":"4201.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4201.75","end_time":"4202.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Somewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.18","end_time":"4202.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.36","end_time":"4202.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4202.63","end_time":"4202.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9096","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.75","end_time":"4203.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2588","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4203.11","end_time":"4203.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4203.84","end_time":"4204.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Rupert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4204.33","end_time":"4204.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9636","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4205.58","end_time":"4205.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4205.85","end_time":"4206.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4206.0","end_time":"4206.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4206.22","end_time":"4206.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4207.43","end_time":"4207.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4207.62","end_time":"4207.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4207.76","end_time":"4208.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"noticed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4208.22","end_time":"4208.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4208.89","end_time":"4209.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Wow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4209.29","end_time":"4209.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.41","end_time":"4209.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.68","end_time":"4209.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.79","end_time":"4209.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.87","end_time":"4210.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.25","end_time":"4210.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.45","end_time":"4210.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9676","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.67","end_time":"4211.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4211.29","end_time":"4211.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4211.54","end_time":"4211.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.36","end_time":"4212.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.79","end_time":"4212.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4212.91","end_time":"4213.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4213.09","end_time":"4213.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4213.48","end_time":"4213.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4213.84","end_time":"4214.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4215.49","end_time":"4216.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4216.02","end_time":"4216.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4216.26","end_time":"4216.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4216.44","end_time":"4216.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4216.52","end_time":"4217.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4217.0","end_time":"4217.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4217.52","end_time":"4217.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4217.89","end_time":"4218.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.13","end_time":"4218.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.24","end_time":"4218.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.66","end_time":"4218.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.79","end_time":"4218.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.89","end_time":"4219.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4219.21","end_time":"4219.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4219.56","end_time":"4220.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.07","end_time":"4220.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.34","end_time":"4220.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.79","end_time":"4220.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.88","end_time":"4221.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4221.52","end_time":"4221.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4221.79","end_time":"4221.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4221.98","end_time":"4222.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4222.18","end_time":"4222.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"explain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4222.76","end_time":"4223.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4223.5","end_time":"4224.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9608","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4224.4","end_time":"4224.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4224.73","end_time":"4225.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"house"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4225.74","end_time":"4226.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4226.11","end_time":"4226.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4226.29","end_time":"4226.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4226.44","end_time":"4226.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4226.79","end_time":"4226.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4226.99","end_time":"4227.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9769","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.36","end_time":"4227.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.5","end_time":"4227.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.61","end_time":"4227.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.8","end_time":"4228.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"house"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4228.11","end_time":"4228.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4229.16","end_time":"4229.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9338","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4229.49","end_time":"4229.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4229.73","end_time":"4230.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.533","content":"neighbors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4230.25","end_time":"4230.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4230.44","end_time":"4230.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4230.64","end_time":"4231.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4231.99","end_time":"4232.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4232.72","end_time":"4233.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"death"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4233.13","end_time":"4233.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4234.42","end_time":"4234.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4234.78","end_time":"4234.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4234.98","end_time":"4235.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4235.14","end_time":"4235.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4235.39","end_time":"4236.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4236.41","end_time":"4236.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4237.72","end_time":"4238.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"despite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4238.63","end_time":"4239.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"presenting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4239.22","end_time":"4239.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4239.43","end_time":"4239.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4239.94","end_time":"4240.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.1","end_time":"4240.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.21","end_time":"4240.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"location"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.7","end_time":"4240.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4240.83","end_time":"4241.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4241.02","end_time":"4241.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4241.96","end_time":"4242.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4242.17","end_time":"4242.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4242.34","end_time":"4242.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4242.67","end_time":"4242.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4242.97","end_time":"4243.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4243.74","end_time":"4244.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"pushed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.07","end_time":"4244.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.17","end_time":"4244.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.26","end_time":"4244.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"side"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.66","end_time":"4244.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.82","end_time":"4245.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.02","end_time":"4245.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ridiculous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.11","end_time":"4246.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.59","end_time":"4246.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.87","end_time":"4247.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9438","content":"believe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.16","end_time":"4247.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.41","end_time":"4247.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"strongly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.89","end_time":"4248.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.02","end_time":"4248.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.36","end_time":"4248.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.49","end_time":"4248.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.58","end_time":"4248.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.96","end_time":"4249.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4249.5","end_time":"4249.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8284","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4249.6","end_time":"4250.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8175","content":"miasma"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4250.13","end_time":"4250.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9765","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4251.35","end_time":"4251.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4251.56","end_time":"4251.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4251.66","end_time":"4251.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"weren't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4251.94","end_time":"4252.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4252.81","end_time":"4253.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9743","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.01","end_time":"4253.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9745","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.12","end_time":"4253.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ready"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.36","end_time":"4253.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.49","end_time":"4253.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"believe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4253.89","end_time":"4254.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.04","end_time":"4254.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.11","end_time":"4254.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.31","end_time":"4254.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.72","end_time":"4254.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4254.84","end_time":"4255.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4255.11","end_time":"4255.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4256.31","end_time":"4256.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9327","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4257.23","end_time":"4257.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.69","end_time":"4257.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.79","end_time":"4257.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.96","end_time":"4258.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.02","end_time":"4258.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.24","end_time":"4258.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.35","end_time":"4258.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"critics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.78","end_time":"4259.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4259.06","end_time":"4259.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.16","end_time":"4259.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.22","end_time":"4259.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.42","end_time":"4259.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8587","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4260.14","end_time":"4260.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8208","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.27","end_time":"4260.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8691","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.37","end_time":"4260.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.44","end_time":"4260.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.84","end_time":"4261.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.04","end_time":"4261.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.53","end_time":"4261.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.64","end_time":"4261.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.82","end_time":"4261.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.98","end_time":"4262.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.09","end_time":"4262.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"believe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4262.5","end_time":"4262.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"him"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4263.16","end_time":"4263.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4263.37","end_time":"4263.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4263.52","end_time":"4263.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4263.62","end_time":"4264.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4264.0","end_time":"4264.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4264.1","end_time":"4264.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4264.27","end_time":"4264.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4264.34","end_time":"4264.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4264.82","end_time":"4265.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.01","end_time":"4265.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4265.96","end_time":"4266.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5115","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4266.14","end_time":"4266.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4266.26","end_time":"4266.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9492","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4266.52","end_time":"4266.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4266.82","end_time":"4267.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4267.54","end_time":"4267.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4722","content":"Write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4268.21","end_time":"4268.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4268.48","end_time":"4269.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.66","end_time":"4269.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9484","content":"live"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.92","end_time":"4269.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.98","end_time":"4270.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4270.24","end_time":"4270.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"closer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4270.87","end_time":"4271.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4271.07","end_time":"4271.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4271.24","end_time":"4271.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"Rupert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4271.76","end_time":"4272.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9622","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4272.17","end_time":"4272.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.554","content":"palm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4273.22","end_time":"4273.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4273.47","end_time":"4273.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.62","end_time":"4273.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.76","end_time":"4273.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.99","end_time":"4274.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4275.06","end_time":"4275.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4275.76","end_time":"4275.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4275.93","end_time":"4276.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.05","end_time":"4276.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.33","end_time":"4276.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"live"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.54","end_time":"4276.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"closer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.97","end_time":"4277.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.13","end_time":"4277.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.26","end_time":"4277.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Rupert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.69","end_time":"4277.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.97","end_time":"4278.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4069","content":"palm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4278.75","end_time":"4278.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4278.94","end_time":"4279.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.07","end_time":"4279.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Rupert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.4","end_time":"4279.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9609","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.6","end_time":"4279.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"pumps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4279.85","end_time":"4280.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.09","end_time":"4280.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.18","end_time":"4280.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5373","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.41","end_time":"4280.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.6","end_time":"4280.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.74","end_time":"4280.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.98","end_time":"4281.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.08","end_time":"4281.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.24","end_time":"4281.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7643","content":"dead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.49","end_time":"4281.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4282.66","end_time":"4282.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4282.9","end_time":"4283.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4283.07","end_time":"4283.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4283.15","end_time":"4283.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8609","content":"center"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4283.43","end_time":"4283.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4283.52","end_time":"4283.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"town"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4283.81","end_time":"4283.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4283.93","end_time":"4284.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.11","end_time":"4284.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.27","end_time":"4284.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4285.36","end_time":"4286.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4286.74","end_time":"4287.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.18","end_time":"4287.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tended"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.61","end_time":"4287.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.72","end_time":"4287.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.95","end_time":"4288.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.11","end_time":"4288.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.41","end_time":"4288.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.49","end_time":"4288.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.59","end_time":"4288.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.85","end_time":"4289.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.09","end_time":"4289.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.36","end_time":"4289.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.51","end_time":"4289.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.65","end_time":"4289.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.79","end_time":"4289.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.88","end_time":"4290.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.25","end_time":"4290.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.68","end_time":"4290.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.25","end_time":"4292.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.49","end_time":"4292.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4572","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.78","end_time":"4293.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"everybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.14","end_time":"4293.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.34","end_time":"4293.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.48","end_time":"4293.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.77","end_time":"4294.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4294.05","end_time":"4294.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4294.12","end_time":"4294.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4294.24","end_time":"4294.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4294.43","end_time":"4294.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4294.6","end_time":"4295.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convenient"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4295.63","end_time":"4296.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4297.06","end_time":"4297.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"walking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4297.74","end_time":"4298.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"distance"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.27","end_time":"4298.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.43","end_time":"4298.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.52","end_time":"4298.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.65","end_time":"4298.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.71","end_time":"4298.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.93","end_time":"4299.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"longer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4299.6","end_time":"4299.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7214","content":"Maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4299.84","end_time":"4300.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4300.07","end_time":"4300.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4300.15","end_time":"4300.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4300.74","end_time":"4300.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4300.97","end_time":"4301.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.08","end_time":"4301.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.38","end_time":"4301.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.6","end_time":"4301.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.86","end_time":"4302.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4302.03","end_time":"4302.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"awkward"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4302.44","end_time":"4302.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4302.66","end_time":"4302.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4302.97","end_time":"4303.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4303.01","end_time":"4303.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4303.25","end_time":"4303.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4303.51","end_time":"4303.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4303.7","end_time":"4303.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4303.78","end_time":"4304.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"turn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.01","end_time":"4304.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.23","end_time":"4304.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9607","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.47","end_time":"4304.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3787","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.56","end_time":"4304.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.74","end_time":"4304.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4304.91","end_time":"4305.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anybody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4305.27","end_time":"4305.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4305.4","end_time":"4305.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4305.47","end_time":"4305.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4306.12","end_time":"4306.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4306.33","end_time":"4306.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4306.44","end_time":"4306.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4306.64","end_time":"4306.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4306.81","end_time":"4307.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4307.76","end_time":"4308.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"theory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4308.5","end_time":"4309.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4309.45","end_time":"4309.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4309.73","end_time":"4310.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.41","end_time":"4310.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.63","end_time":"4310.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.82","end_time":"4311.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.11","end_time":"4311.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.33","end_time":"4311.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unusual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.99","end_time":"4312.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.06","end_time":"4313.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7468","content":"playing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.31","end_time":"4313.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.65","end_time":"4314.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.02","end_time":"4314.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.35","end_time":"4314.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.51","end_time":"4314.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.59","end_time":"4314.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.83","end_time":"4315.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4315.12","end_time":"4315.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4315.97","end_time":"4316.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8405","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.04","end_time":"4316.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9225","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4316.25","end_time":"4316.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.48","end_time":"4316.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4316.8","end_time":"4316.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.99","end_time":"4317.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4317.21","end_time":"4317.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.791","content":"family"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4317.67","end_time":"4317.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9414","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4317.92","end_time":"4318.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9276","content":"Would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.02","end_time":"4318.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9283","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.14","end_time":"4318.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"definitely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.74","end_time":"4318.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.91","end_time":"4319.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9262","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.06","end_time":"4319.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Rupert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.42","end_time":"4319.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.67","end_time":"4319.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9626","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4319.95","end_time":"4320.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9775","content":"Then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4320.12","end_time":"4320.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4320.26","end_time":"4320.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8128","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4320.51","end_time":"4320.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4320.72","end_time":"4321.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4321.64","end_time":"4321.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4321.98","end_time":"4322.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4322.13","end_time":"4322.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4322.29","end_time":"4322.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4322.48","end_time":"4322.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9634","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4322.68","end_time":"4322.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4322.89","end_time":"4323.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4323.1","end_time":"4323.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"random"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4323.53","end_time":"4324.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"individual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4324.14","end_time":"4324.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4325.06","end_time":"4325.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4325.25","end_time":"4325.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4478","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4325.46","end_time":"4325.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4325.77","end_time":"4325.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4325.93","end_time":"4326.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4327.65","end_time":"4327.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"Do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.8","end_time":"4327.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.86","end_time":"4328.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.85","end_time":"4329.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7106","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4330.58","end_time":"4331.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4331.28","end_time":"4331.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4331.71","end_time":"4331.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4331.85","end_time":"4332.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4333.05","end_time":"4333.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9023","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4336.13","end_time":"4336.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9314","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4336.26","end_time":"4336.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4336.39","end_time":"4336.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"We'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4336.52","end_time":"4336.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4336.65","end_time":"4336.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4336.75","end_time":"4336.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4336.91","end_time":"4336.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4336.98","end_time":"4337.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4337.04","end_time":"4337.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4337.3","end_time":"4337.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4337.94","end_time":"4338.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8641","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4339.24","end_time":"4339.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4339.45","end_time":"4339.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4339.72","end_time":"4339.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4339.85","end_time":"4340.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"turned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4340.15","end_time":"4340.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4340.36","end_time":"4340.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4340.49","end_time":"4340.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9566","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4340.67","end_time":"4340.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4340.86","end_time":"4341.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4341.17","end_time":"4341.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4341.49","end_time":"4341.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8624","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4341.57","end_time":"4342.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"address"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4342.05","end_time":"4342.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4342.22","end_time":"4342.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"found"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4342.56","end_time":"4342.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4342.68","end_time":"4342.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4342.77","end_time":"4343.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stories"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4343.32","end_time":"4343.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4343.43","end_time":"4343.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4343.63","end_time":"4343.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4343.9","end_time":"4344.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4344.01","end_time":"4344.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4344.14","end_time":"4344.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"died"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4344.62","end_time":"4344.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4344.84","end_time":"4345.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.04","end_time":"4345.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.17","end_time":"4346.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5247","content":"schoolchildren"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.11","end_time":"4346.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.55","end_time":"4346.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.84","end_time":"4346.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.95","end_time":"4347.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4347.4","end_time":"4347.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4347.57","end_time":"4348.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4348.09","end_time":"4348.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4348.29","end_time":"4348.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4348.57","end_time":"4348.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4348.97","end_time":"4349.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.12","end_time":"4349.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.25","end_time":"4349.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.39","end_time":"4349.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.57","end_time":"4349.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5707","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.68","end_time":"4349.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4349.88","end_time":"4350.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"school"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4350.48","end_time":"4350.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.68","end_time":"4350.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6251","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.74","end_time":"4350.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.9","end_time":"4350.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4350.98","end_time":"4351.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"explanation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4351.68","end_time":"4352.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4352.17","end_time":"4352.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4352.37","end_time":"4352.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4352.82","end_time":"4353.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4353.5","end_time":"4353.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4353.64","end_time":"4353.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4353.79","end_time":"4354.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4354.01","end_time":"4354.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4354.31","end_time":"4354.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4354.95","end_time":"4355.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4355.31","end_time":"4355.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4355.65","end_time":"4355.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4355.75","end_time":"4356.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4356.05","end_time":"4356.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4356.17","end_time":"4356.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4356.23","end_time":"4356.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4356.4","end_time":"4356.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4356.49","end_time":"4356.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"explain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4356.95","end_time":"4357.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.01","end_time":"4357.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.22","end_time":"4357.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9031","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.33","end_time":"4357.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.6","end_time":"4357.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.69","end_time":"4357.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4357.99","end_time":"4358.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.08","end_time":"4358.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.2","end_time":"4358.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.37","end_time":"4358.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.71","end_time":"4359.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"totally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.08","end_time":"4359.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.38","end_time":"4359.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"section"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4360.29","end_time":"4360.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4360.46","end_time":"4361.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4361.31","end_time":"4361.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.47","end_time":"4361.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.54","end_time":"4361.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.71","end_time":"4361.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4361.8","end_time":"4362.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"old"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.21","end_time":"4362.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"woman"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.75","end_time":"4362.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.94","end_time":"4363.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.06","end_time":"4363.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"niece"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.65","end_time":"4363.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4363.89","end_time":"4364.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4364.18","end_time":"4364.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"died"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4365.05","end_time":"4365.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4366.45","end_time":"4367.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4367.12","end_time":"4367.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7981","content":"live"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4367.38","end_time":"4367.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"nowhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4367.7","end_time":"4367.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"near"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4367.96","end_time":"4368.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4368.05","end_time":"4368.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4368.32","end_time":"4368.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4368.58","end_time":"4368.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4368.86","end_time":"4369.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4369.09","end_time":"4369.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4369.28","end_time":"4369.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4369.53","end_time":"4369.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9553","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4369.77","end_time":"4370.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4370.33","end_time":"4370.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4370.62","end_time":"4371.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"died"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.13","end_time":"4371.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.34","end_time":"4371.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.45","end_time":"4371.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.68","end_time":"4371.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.9","end_time":"4372.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.17","end_time":"4372.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.35","end_time":"4372.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.44","end_time":"4372.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"issue"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4373.46","end_time":"4373.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.67","end_time":"4373.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.81","end_time":"4373.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.93","end_time":"4374.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.23","end_time":"4374.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.32","end_time":"4375.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"investigate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4375.1","end_time":"4375.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4375.21","end_time":"4375.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4375.57","end_time":"4375.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"behind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4375.86","end_time":"4376.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.04","end_time":"4376.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.16","end_time":"4376.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.45","end_time":"4376.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4376.6","end_time":"4376.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"died"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4376.94","end_time":"4377.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4377.08","end_time":"4377.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4377.2","end_time":"4377.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"found"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4377.53","end_time":"4377.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4377.72","end_time":"4378.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4378.71","end_time":"4379.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.702","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4379.29","end_time":"4379.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.42","end_time":"4379.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"woman"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.72","end_time":"4379.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.89","end_time":"4380.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"elderly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4380.54","end_time":"4380.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4380.84","end_time":"4381.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.08","end_time":"4381.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8353","content":"sons"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.49","end_time":"4381.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.67","end_time":"4381.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"moved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.93","end_time":"4382.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.1","end_time":"4382.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"outside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.59","end_time":"4382.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.68","end_time":"4382.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.76","end_time":"4383.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8994","content":"center"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4383.1","end_time":"4383.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4383.2","end_time":"4383.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4383.28","end_time":"4383.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4383.61","end_time":"4383.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4383.89","end_time":"4384.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4384.0","end_time":"4384.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4384.31","end_time":"4384.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4384.42","end_time":"4384.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4384.72","end_time":"4385.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.45","end_time":"4385.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"safe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.9","end_time":"4386.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4386.03","end_time":"4386.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"healthy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4387.05","end_time":"4387.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Throughout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.65","end_time":"4388.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4388.14","end_time":"4388.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4389.85","end_time":"4390.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disease"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4390.95","end_time":"4391.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outbreak"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4392.24","end_time":"4392.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8619","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4392.76","end_time":"4393.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3968","content":"Denise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4393.19","end_time":"4393.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lived"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4393.47","end_time":"4393.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4393.63","end_time":"4394.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4394.34","end_time":"4394.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4394.63","end_time":"4394.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4394.73","end_time":"4395.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9454","content":"sun's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4395.18","end_time":"4395.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4395.54","end_time":"4395.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"worked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4395.99","end_time":"4396.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.12","end_time":"4396.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.21","end_time":"4396.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5804","content":"centre"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.61","end_time":"4396.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.7","end_time":"4397.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4397.85","end_time":"4398.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4398.17","end_time":"4398.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4398.34","end_time":"4398.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4398.67","end_time":"4399.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4399.13","end_time":"4399.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4399.48","end_time":"4399.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4399.89","end_time":"4400.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.14","end_time":"4400.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.24","end_time":"4400.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.54","end_time":"4400.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.83","end_time":"4401.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.24","end_time":"4401.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.61","end_time":"4402.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.33","end_time":"4402.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.66","end_time":"4402.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"she"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.77","end_time":"4403.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"preferred"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4403.32","end_time":"4403.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4403.41","end_time":"4403.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"taste"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4403.85","end_time":"4403.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4403.98","end_time":"4404.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.41","end_time":"4404.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.58","end_time":"4404.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.9","end_time":"4405.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"local"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4405.29","end_time":"4405.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pumps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4405.86","end_time":"4406.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"near"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4406.13","end_time":"4406.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4406.24","end_time":"4406.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9775","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4406.44","end_time":"4407.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7523","content":"halfs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4407.95","end_time":"4408.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4408.24","end_time":"4408.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4408.54","end_time":"4408.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.01","end_time":"4409.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4411.69","end_time":"4412.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4412.1","end_time":"4412.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4412.32","end_time":"4412.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5657","content":"lended"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4412.73","end_time":"4413.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4413.07","end_time":"4413.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"credibility"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4413.69","end_time":"4413.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4413.77","end_time":"4413.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4413.93","end_time":"4414.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4414.56","end_time":"4414.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4414.84","end_time":"4414.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4414.97","end_time":"4415.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4415.56","end_time":"4415.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4415.69","end_time":"4416.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"explanation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4416.36","end_time":"4416.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4416.57","end_time":"4417.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4417.09","end_time":"4417.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4418.44","end_time":"4419.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.02","end_time":"4419.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.22","end_time":"4419.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.34","end_time":"4419.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"asthma"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.7","end_time":"4420.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9382","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4420.03","end_time":"4420.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8887","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4420.4","end_time":"4420.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8335","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4420.58","end_time":"4421.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arguing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4421.02","end_time":"4421.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4423.53","end_time":"4423.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4423.78","end_time":"4424.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4424.18","end_time":"4424.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4656","content":"Thea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4425.0","end_time":"4425.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7281","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4425.1","end_time":"4425.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.12","end_time":"4426.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9752","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.26","end_time":"4426.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.57","end_time":"4426.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.7","end_time":"4427.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"handle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.22","end_time":"4427.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.45","end_time":"4427.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.55","end_time":"4428.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4428.02","end_time":"4428.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4428.28","end_time":"4428.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4428.46","end_time":"4428.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4428.55","end_time":"4428.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4428.8","end_time":"4428.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4428.98","end_time":"4429.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"longer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4429.28","end_time":"4429.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4429.45","end_time":"4430.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4430.44","end_time":"4431.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4508","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4431.03","end_time":"4431.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4431.17","end_time":"4431.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4431.39","end_time":"4431.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4432.51","end_time":"4432.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4432.81","end_time":"4432.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4432.96","end_time":"4433.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4433.18","end_time":"4433.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4433.71","end_time":"4433.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4433.88","end_time":"4433.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4433.99","end_time":"4434.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4434.25","end_time":"4434.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4434.44","end_time":"4434.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"never"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4434.71","end_time":"4435.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"replaced"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.19","end_time":"4435.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4435.35","end_time":"4435.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.45","end_time":"4435.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.64","end_time":"4435.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.74","end_time":"4435.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.9","end_time":"4435.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.97","end_time":"4436.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"historic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4436.79","end_time":"4437.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"landmark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4437.55","end_time":"4437.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4437.67","end_time":"4437.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9683","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4437.88","end_time":"4437.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4437.96","end_time":"4438.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5794","content":"Jon"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.24","end_time":"4438.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"Snow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.51","end_time":"4438.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pub"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.91","end_time":"4439.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.14","end_time":"4439.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.47","end_time":"4439.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.58","end_time":"4439.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.78","end_time":"4440.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4442.34","end_time":"4442.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4443.61","end_time":"4443.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9143","content":"Jon"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4443.99","end_time":"4444.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9733","content":"Snow's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4444.48","end_time":"4445.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4445.21","end_time":"4446.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contribution"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4446.44","end_time":"4447.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6082","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.42","end_time":"4447.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.87","end_time":"4448.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4448.31","end_time":"4448.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4448.39","end_time":"4448.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6037","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4448.46","end_time":"4448.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6048","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4448.75","end_time":"4448.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4448.93","end_time":"4449.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statistics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4449.75","end_time":"4450.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7996","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.39","end_time":"4451.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understanding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4451.09","end_time":"4451.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4451.2","end_time":"4452.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4452.19","end_time":"4452.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4452.51","end_time":"4452.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4452.85","end_time":"4453.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.07","end_time":"4453.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.24","end_time":"4453.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.48","end_time":"4453.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.75","end_time":"4454.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4454.04","end_time":"4454.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4454.3","end_time":"4454.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4454.59","end_time":"4454.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4454.7","end_time":"4455.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9526","content":"notice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.1","end_time":"4455.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.26","end_time":"4456.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4456.7","end_time":"4457.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4457.18","end_time":"4457.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"proximity"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4457.96","end_time":"4458.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7297","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.47","end_time":"4458.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.57","end_time":"4458.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.84","end_time":"4459.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.11","end_time":"4459.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.88","end_time":"4460.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.6","end_time":"4460.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.81","end_time":"4460.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.89","end_time":"4461.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cholera"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.34","end_time":"4461.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4462.14","end_time":"4462.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.49","end_time":"4462.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.62","end_time":"4462.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.8","end_time":"4463.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.33","end_time":"4463.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.58","end_time":"4463.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.72","end_time":"4464.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"prove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.1","end_time":"4464.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.46","end_time":"4464.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.64","end_time":"4464.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"broad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.91","end_time":"4465.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"street"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.1","end_time":"4465.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.4","end_time":"4465.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.79","end_time":"4466.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7959","content":"caused"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4466.48","end_time":"4466.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4467.34","end_time":"4467.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7681","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4467.71","end_time":"4468.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.45","end_time":"4468.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.69","end_time":"4468.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.82","end_time":"4468.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.89","end_time":"4469.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4469.17","end_time":"4469.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4469.33","end_time":"4469.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4469.45","end_time":"4469.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4469.83","end_time":"4470.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.15","end_time":"4470.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"supply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4471.2","end_time":"4471.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.38","end_time":"4471.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.5","end_time":"4471.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.82","end_time":"4472.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4472.13","end_time":"4472.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7258","content":"cos"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4472.69","end_time":"4472.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4472.86","end_time":"4473.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.14","end_time":"4473.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.27","end_time":"4473.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.56","end_time":"4473.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"S"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.79","end_time":"4473.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9366","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.92","end_time":"4474.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9085","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4474.99","end_time":"4475.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4475.11","end_time":"4475.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4475.27","end_time":"4475.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4475.41","end_time":"4475.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4475.53","end_time":"4476.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Lambeth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4476.18","end_time":"4476.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6047","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4476.43","end_time":"4476.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8167","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4476.71","end_time":"4477.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8228","content":"companies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4477.7","end_time":"4478.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4478.34","end_time":"4479.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"provided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.24","end_time":"4479.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.63","end_time":"4480.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"service"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.19","end_time":"4480.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.34","end_time":"4480.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.45","end_time":"4480.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.77","end_time":"4481.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pumps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.08","end_time":"4481.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.42","end_time":"4481.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"England"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4482.44","end_time":"4482.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4483.04","end_time":"4483.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.08","end_time":"4484.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.48","end_time":"4484.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"region"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.96","end_time":"4485.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4485.2","end_time":"4485.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9664","content":"green"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4485.72","end_time":"4486.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8509","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.07","end_time":"4486.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5283","content":"Lee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.21","end_time":"4486.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9546","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.43","end_time":"4486.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.54","end_time":"4486.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7261","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.79","end_time":"4487.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"served"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4487.62","end_time":"4487.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4487.86","end_time":"4488.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4488.01","end_time":"4488.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4488.25","end_time":"4488.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"region"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4488.55","end_time":"4488.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4488.81","end_time":"4489.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9744","content":"brown"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4489.17","end_time":"4489.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7612","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4489.42","end_time":"4489.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.591","content":"Lee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4489.55","end_time":"4490.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6455","content":"Lambeth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4490.01","end_time":"4490.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8622","content":"sir"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4490.23","end_time":"4490.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4490.39","end_time":"4490.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9212","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4490.6","end_time":"4490.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4490.81","end_time":"4491.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"region"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4491.14","end_time":"4491.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4491.27","end_time":"4491.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"overlap"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4491.99","end_time":"4492.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.25","end_time":"4492.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.34","end_time":"4492.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.44","end_time":"4492.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.53","end_time":"4493.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.552","content":"centre"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4493.0","end_time":"4493.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4493.1","end_time":"4493.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4494.33","end_time":"4495.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4495.05","end_time":"4495.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4495.39","end_time":"4495.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pumps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4495.72","end_time":"4496.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4496.44","end_time":"4496.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"S"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4496.69","end_time":"4496.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4496.81","end_time":"4497.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9112","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4497.06","end_time":"4497.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7007","content":"Some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4497.35","end_time":"4497.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pumps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4497.69","end_time":"4497.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9373","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4497.84","end_time":"4498.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"Lambeth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4500.66","end_time":"4500.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8832","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4500.73","end_time":"4500.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9597","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4501.25","end_time":"4501.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4502.05","end_time":"4502.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4502.24","end_time":"4502.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4502.43","end_time":"4502.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4502.52","end_time":"4503.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"establish"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4503.06","end_time":"4503.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4503.67","end_time":"4503.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4503.78","end_time":"4504.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4504.0","end_time":"4504.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4504.07","end_time":"4504.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4504.19","end_time":"4504.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4504.25","end_time":"4505.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comparison"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4505.64","end_time":"4506.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4506.02","end_time":"4506.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4506.09","end_time":"4506.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4506.67","end_time":"4507.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4507.06","end_time":"4507.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4507.23","end_time":"4507.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4507.49","end_time":"4507.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.439","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4507.63","end_time":"4507.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9408","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4507.92","end_time":"4508.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4508.42","end_time":"4508.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.557","content":"applies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4509.25","end_time":"4509.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4509.43","end_time":"4509.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4509.48","end_time":"4510.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"control"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4510.15","end_time":"4510.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4510.9","end_time":"4511.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4511.11","end_time":"4511.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4511.18","end_time":"4511.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4511.42","end_time":"4511.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4511.6","end_time":"4511.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4511.96","end_time":"4512.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4512.14","end_time":"4512.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4512.22","end_time":"4512.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4512.6","end_time":"4513.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"applied"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4513.32","end_time":"4513.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4513.49","end_time":"4513.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4513.61","end_time":"4513.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4513.77","end_time":"4514.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"idea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4514.17","end_time":"4514.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4514.52","end_time":"4514.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4514.72","end_time":"4514.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4514.96","end_time":"4515.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4515.11","end_time":"4515.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"differences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4516.09","end_time":"4516.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4516.23","end_time":"4516.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4516.36","end_time":"4516.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"outcomes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4516.85","end_time":"4516.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4516.97","end_time":"4517.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.05","end_time":"4517.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.22","end_time":"4517.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.61","end_time":"4517.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.74","end_time":"4517.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.86","end_time":"4518.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.06","end_time":"4519.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.3","end_time":"4519.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5659","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.53","end_time":"4519.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.6","end_time":"4520.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"substantial"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4520.22","end_time":"4520.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4521.08","end_time":"4521.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4521.46","end_time":"4521.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4521.7","end_time":"4521.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4521.85","end_time":"4522.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4522.09","end_time":"4522.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4522.18","end_time":"4522.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4522.27","end_time":"4522.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4523.46","end_time":"4523.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4523.96","end_time":"4524.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.04","end_time":"4524.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.26","end_time":"4524.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.36","end_time":"4524.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.72","end_time":"4525.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4525.64","end_time":"4525.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4525.79","end_time":"4526.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4526.27","end_time":"4526.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4526.42","end_time":"4526.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4526.5","end_time":"4527.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"factor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4528.28","end_time":"4528.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4528.73","end_time":"4529.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4529.01","end_time":"4529.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9442","content":"houses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4529.49","end_time":"4529.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4529.64","end_time":"4529.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4529.75","end_time":"4529.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4529.92","end_time":"4530.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7976","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4530.05","end_time":"4530.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4530.28","end_time":"4530.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4530.39","end_time":"4530.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4530.48","end_time":"4531.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4531.01","end_time":"4531.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4533.2","end_time":"4533.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4533.33","end_time":"4533.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4533.55","end_time":"4533.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4533.82","end_time":"4533.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4533.98","end_time":"4534.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.04","end_time":"4534.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.13","end_time":"4534.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.35","end_time":"4534.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.46","end_time":"4534.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6368","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.59","end_time":"4535.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4544.82","end_time":"4544.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4544.97","end_time":"4545.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4545.0","end_time":"4545.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4545.2","end_time":"4545.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4545.39","end_time":"4545.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4545.49","end_time":"4546.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"upstream"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4546.22","end_time":"4546.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8535","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4546.37","end_time":"4546.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4546.44","end_time":"4546.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4546.62","end_time":"4546.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4546.79","end_time":"4546.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9141","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4546.95","end_time":"4547.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4547.11","end_time":"4547.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8148","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4547.27","end_time":"4547.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4547.57","end_time":"4547.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4547.93","end_time":"4548.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4548.09","end_time":"4548.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"earlier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4548.47","end_time":"4548.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4548.78","end_time":"4548.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9838","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4548.9","end_time":"4549.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9472","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.0","end_time":"4549.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.16","end_time":"4549.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"context"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4550.04","end_time":"4550.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6196","content":"Thes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.29","end_time":"4550.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9122","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.49","end_time":"4550.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4550.93","end_time":"4551.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4552.31","end_time":"4552.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4898","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4552.45","end_time":"4552.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9385","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4552.58","end_time":"4552.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4552.88","end_time":"4553.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4553.13","end_time":"4553.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4175","content":"cos"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4553.68","end_time":"4553.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4553.88","end_time":"4554.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8975","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4554.03","end_time":"4554.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4554.36","end_time":"4554.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4554.6","end_time":"4554.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4554.93","end_time":"4555.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4555.3","end_time":"4555.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4555.4","end_time":"4555.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4555.53","end_time":"4555.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"river"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4556.24","end_time":"4556.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4556.4","end_time":"4556.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4556.54","end_time":"4556.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4556.61","end_time":"4557.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sewage"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.05","end_time":"4557.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.35","end_time":"4557.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.46","end_time":"4557.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.53","end_time":"4557.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"middle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.8","end_time":"4557.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4557.88","end_time":"4558.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4558.0","end_time":"4558.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"river"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4558.92","end_time":"4559.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4559.41","end_time":"4559.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4559.64","end_time":"4559.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4559.79","end_time":"4560.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4560.78","end_time":"4561.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Lambeth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4561.84","end_time":"4562.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4562.1","end_time":"4562.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8024","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4562.24","end_time":"4562.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4562.56","end_time":"4563.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"upstream"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4563.28","end_time":"4563.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4563.49","end_time":"4563.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4563.69","end_time":"4563.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sewage"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4563.99","end_time":"4564.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"dump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4564.27","end_time":"4564.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4564.43","end_time":"4564.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8833","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4564.69","end_time":"4565.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sourcing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.1","end_time":"4565.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.46","end_time":"4565.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4566.43","end_time":"4566.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4566.69","end_time":"4566.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4566.78","end_time":"4566.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"middle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4566.98","end_time":"4567.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.04","end_time":"4567.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.11","end_time":"4567.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4567.46","end_time":"4567.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.64","end_time":"4567.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.83","end_time":"4568.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"lamb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.39","end_time":"4568.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9595","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.83","end_time":"4568.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9251","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.96","end_time":"4569.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7347","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.43","end_time":"4569.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.89","end_time":"4570.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"pulled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.19","end_time":"4570.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.33","end_time":"4570.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.65","end_time":"4570.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.83","end_time":"4571.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"downstream"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4571.87","end_time":"4572.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4572.06","end_time":"4572.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9452","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4572.2","end_time":"4572.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.17","end_time":"4573.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9521","content":"gross"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.62","end_time":"4574.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4574.36","end_time":"4575.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"throughout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.16","end_time":"4575.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4576.3","end_time":"4576.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8161","content":"Dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4576.58","end_time":"4576.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4577.7","end_time":"4578.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4580.3","end_time":"4580.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9623","content":"S"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4580.55","end_time":"4580.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6167","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4580.66","end_time":"4580.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7974","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4580.91","end_time":"4581.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5266","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4581.02","end_time":"4581.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4581.1","end_time":"4581.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4581.38","end_time":"4581.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4581.7","end_time":"4582.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6946","content":"Lambeth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.09","end_time":"4582.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.21","end_time":"4582.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.28","end_time":"4582.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.6","end_time":"4582.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4582.93","end_time":"4583.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4583.41","end_time":"4583.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4583.74","end_time":"4583.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4583.79","end_time":"4584.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.05","end_time":"4584.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.81","end_time":"4585.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"houses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4585.39","end_time":"4585.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5251","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4585.59","end_time":"4586.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Thea"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.87","end_time":"4588.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4588.17","end_time":"4588.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4588.58","end_time":"4589.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4589.07","end_time":"4589.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9361","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4591.83","end_time":"4591.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9427","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4591.99","end_time":"4592.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9427","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4593.33","end_time":"4593.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.708","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4593.4","end_time":"4593.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9069","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4593.7","end_time":"4594.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4594.08","end_time":"4594.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4594.25","end_time":"4594.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9732","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4594.38","end_time":"4594.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4594.57","end_time":"4594.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4594.71","end_time":"4594.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9499","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4594.79","end_time":"4595.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4604.52","end_time":"4604.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4604.77","end_time":"4604.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4604.95","end_time":"4605.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4605.05","end_time":"4605.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4605.38","end_time":"4605.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4605.94","end_time":"4606.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4606.17","end_time":"4606.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4606.49","end_time":"4606.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4606.74","end_time":"4607.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4607.23","end_time":"4607.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9673","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4607.33","end_time":"4607.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4607.6","end_time":"4607.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4607.74","end_time":"4607.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4607.85","end_time":"4608.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.17","end_time":"4608.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.28","end_time":"4608.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4608.57","end_time":"4608.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.88","end_time":"4609.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4609.06","end_time":"4609.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4609.5","end_time":"4609.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4609.6","end_time":"4610.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4610.03","end_time":"4610.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4610.15","end_time":"4610.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4610.25","end_time":"4610.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4610.56","end_time":"4611.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4611.51","end_time":"4611.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4611.79","end_time":"4611.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4611.98","end_time":"4612.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4612.3","end_time":"4612.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4612.51","end_time":"4612.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4612.62","end_time":"4612.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4612.78","end_time":"4613.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.0","end_time":"4613.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.08","end_time":"4613.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.34","end_time":"4613.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4613.63","end_time":"4613.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.77","end_time":"4613.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4613.96","end_time":"4614.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6773","content":"group's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.23","end_time":"4614.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.46","end_time":"4614.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.62","end_time":"4614.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.81","end_time":"4614.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.91","end_time":"4615.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4615.19","end_time":"4615.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4616.33","end_time":"4616.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4616.62","end_time":"4616.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4616.76","end_time":"4616.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4616.86","end_time":"4617.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.29","end_time":"4617.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.66","end_time":"4617.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.86","end_time":"4617.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.94","end_time":"4618.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.3","end_time":"4618.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.43","end_time":"4618.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.56","end_time":"4618.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drinking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.89","end_time":"4618.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.99","end_time":"4619.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4619.25","end_time":"4619.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4619.64","end_time":"4619.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4619.82","end_time":"4620.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.04","end_time":"4620.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"control"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.48","end_time":"4620.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.75","end_time":"4620.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.87","end_time":"4620.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.94","end_time":"4621.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.18","end_time":"4621.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.25","end_time":"4621.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8985","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.35","end_time":"4621.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drinking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.65","end_time":"4621.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.73","end_time":"4622.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4622.04","end_time":"4622.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4622.91","end_time":"4623.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.1","end_time":"4623.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.22","end_time":"4623.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.36","end_time":"4623.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4623.59","end_time":"4623.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.75","end_time":"4624.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4624.05","end_time":"4624.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4625.16","end_time":"4625.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"substantial"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4625.98","end_time":"4626.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.77","end_time":"4626.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.93","end_time":"4627.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4627.01","end_time":"4627.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4627.22","end_time":"4627.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4628.01","end_time":"4628.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9718","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4628.73","end_time":"4629.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4629.56","end_time":"4629.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4629.8","end_time":"4629.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4629.94","end_time":"4630.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8881","content":"snow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.29","end_time":"4630.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8885","content":"zone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.63","end_time":"4630.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4630.95","end_time":"4631.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4631.04","end_time":"4631.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4631.35","end_time":"4631.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7025","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4631.52","end_time":"4631.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4631.73","end_time":"4632.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"grand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.24","end_time":"4633.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"experiment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.7","end_time":"4634.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5922","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4634.02","end_time":"4634.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4634.25","end_time":"4634.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figuring"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4634.69","end_time":"4634.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4634.87","end_time":"4635.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4635.97","end_time":"4636.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4636.16","end_time":"4636.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4636.31","end_time":"4636.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4636.47","end_time":"4636.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"noticed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4636.91","end_time":"4637.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.05","end_time":"4637.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.36","end_time":"4637.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.6","end_time":"4637.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.86","end_time":"4638.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"quote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4638.62","end_time":"4638.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4638.81","end_time":"4638.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5551","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4638.95","end_time":"4639.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5551","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.09","end_time":"4639.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.36","end_time":"4639.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.83","end_time":"4640.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.6","end_time":"4640.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.76","end_time":"4640.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.86","end_time":"4641.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7947","content":"houses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4641.46","end_time":"4641.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4641.72","end_time":"4641.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4641.82","end_time":"4642.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4642.55","end_time":"4643.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"receiving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.09","end_time":"4643.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.19","end_time":"4643.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"supply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.64","end_time":"4643.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.8","end_time":"4643.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.91","end_time":"4644.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9525","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.11","end_time":"4644.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.42","end_time":"4645.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8914","content":"companies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4645.43","end_time":"4645.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4645.91","end_time":"4646.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.01","end_time":"4646.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.28","end_time":"4646.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.39","end_time":"4646.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.49","end_time":"4646.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"physical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.97","end_time":"4647.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conditions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4647.55","end_time":"4647.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4647.72","end_time":"4647.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4647.98","end_time":"4648.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4648.11","end_time":"4648.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4648.29","end_time":"4648.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"surrounded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4649.73","end_time":"4649.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4649.91","end_time":"4650.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4650.13","end_time":"4650.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4650.53","end_time":"4650.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4650.69","end_time":"4651.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4651.21","end_time":"4651.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4651.87","end_time":"4652.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4652.13","end_time":"4652.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4652.25","end_time":"4652.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"systematic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4652.97","end_time":"4653.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.39","end_time":"4653.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.51","end_time":"4653.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.6","end_time":"4653.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.8","end_time":"4654.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4654.52","end_time":"4654.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4654.67","end_time":"4654.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4654.97","end_time":"4655.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.33","end_time":"4655.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.41","end_time":"4655.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.51","end_time":"4655.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.7","end_time":"4656.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4656.45","end_time":"4656.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4656.84","end_time":"4656.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4656.92","end_time":"4657.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4657.17","end_time":"4657.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4657.34","end_time":"4657.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4657.49","end_time":"4657.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4657.64","end_time":"4657.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4657.89","end_time":"4658.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4658.17","end_time":"4658.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4658.32","end_time":"4658.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9836","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4658.5","end_time":"4658.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4658.67","end_time":"4659.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4659.01","end_time":"4659.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4659.77","end_time":"4660.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4660.01","end_time":"4660.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.14","end_time":"4660.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.43","end_time":"4660.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.53","end_time":"4660.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.89","end_time":"4661.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.18","end_time":"4661.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.25","end_time":"4661.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.4","end_time":"4661.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4662.22","end_time":"4662.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4662.39","end_time":"4662.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4662.83","end_time":"4663.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4663.23","end_time":"4663.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4663.61","end_time":"4663.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4663.93","end_time":"4663.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4663.99","end_time":"4664.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4664.61","end_time":"4665.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"senior"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.03","end_time":"4665.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"citizens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4665.71","end_time":"4665.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.84","end_time":"4665.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.91","end_time":"4666.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"control"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.34","end_time":"4666.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.58","end_time":"4666.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8569","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.85","end_time":"4666.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8546","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.91","end_time":"4667.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8709","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4667.01","end_time":"4667.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4667.22","end_time":"4667.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"young"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4667.49","end_time":"4668.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4668.15","end_time":"4668.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8152","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4668.43","end_time":"4668.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4668.56","end_time":"4668.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4668.63","end_time":"4668.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4668.92","end_time":"4669.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4669.18","end_time":"4670.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"situation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.17","end_time":"4670.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.38","end_time":"4670.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.57","end_time":"4670.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.81","end_time":"4670.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.97","end_time":"4671.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4671.16","end_time":"4671.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"factory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4671.68","end_time":"4672.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"workers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.19","end_time":"4672.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.3","end_time":"4672.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.42","end_time":"4672.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.64","end_time":"4672.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.92","end_time":"4673.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4673.08","end_time":"4673.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4673.7","end_time":"4674.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"business"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4674.15","end_time":"4674.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4675.26","end_time":"4675.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4676.33","end_time":"4676.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4676.86","end_time":"4677.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.07","end_time":"4677.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.28","end_time":"4677.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.55","end_time":"4677.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.13","end_time":"4678.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.35","end_time":"4678.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.74","end_time":"4678.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.84","end_time":"4679.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4679.16","end_time":"4679.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"regard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4679.66","end_time":"4680.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"except"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.06","end_time":"4680.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.21","end_time":"4680.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.32","end_time":"4680.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4681.32","end_time":"4681.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4681.87","end_time":"4682.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4682.08","end_time":"4682.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4682.82","end_time":"4682.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4682.99","end_time":"4683.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.21","end_time":"4683.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.38","end_time":"4683.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.48","end_time":"4683.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.59","end_time":"4684.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4684.52","end_time":"4684.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.7","end_time":"4684.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.85","end_time":"4685.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"outcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4685.28","end_time":"4685.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4685.44","end_time":"4686.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4686.56","end_time":"4687.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8943","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.06","end_time":"4687.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.35","end_time":"4687.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.44","end_time":"4688.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4688.33","end_time":"4688.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9614","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4688.68","end_time":"4688.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4688.83","end_time":"4689.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9388","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.18","end_time":"4689.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9486","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.31","end_time":"4689.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.47","end_time":"4689.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.81","end_time":"4690.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.01","end_time":"4690.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.22","end_time":"4690.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.49","end_time":"4690.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.77","end_time":"4690.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.86","end_time":"4691.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.04","end_time":"4691.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4691.5","end_time":"4691.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4692.42","end_time":"4692.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4692.62","end_time":"4692.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4692.92","end_time":"4693.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.05","end_time":"4693.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.47","end_time":"4693.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.84","end_time":"4694.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4694.27","end_time":"4694.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"factors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4696.22","end_time":"4697.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4697.28","end_time":"4697.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4697.43","end_time":"4697.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4697.71","end_time":"4697.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4697.91","end_time":"4698.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9661","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.04","end_time":"4698.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7881","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.16","end_time":"4698.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.21","end_time":"4698.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9644","content":"clicker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.5","end_time":"4698.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4698.95","end_time":"4699.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.39","end_time":"4701.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.52","end_time":"4701.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.91","end_time":"4702.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4702.26","end_time":"4702.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.0","end_time":"4703.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.19","end_time":"4703.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.27","end_time":"4703.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Clean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.58","end_time":"4703.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.89","end_time":"4704.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4704.15","end_time":"4704.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.28","end_time":"4704.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.42","end_time":"4704.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.58","end_time":"4704.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.7","end_time":"4705.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.04","end_time":"4705.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.17","end_time":"4705.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"London"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4705.76","end_time":"4706.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4706.37","end_time":"4706.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4706.58","end_time":"4706.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4706.78","end_time":"4707.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"houses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4707.47","end_time":"4707.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4707.75","end_time":"4707.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4707.96","end_time":"4708.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4709.08","end_time":"4709.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.37","end_time":"4709.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.54","end_time":"4709.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.69","end_time":"4709.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.91","end_time":"4710.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.01","end_time":"4710.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.27","end_time":"4710.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.64","end_time":"4711.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6328","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4711.28","end_time":"4711.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9595","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4711.78","end_time":"4711.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9778","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4711.98","end_time":"4712.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.33","end_time":"4712.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.76","end_time":"4712.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.86","end_time":"4713.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"houses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.37","end_time":"4713.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.61","end_time":"4713.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.7","end_time":"4714.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.0","end_time":"4714.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.35","end_time":"4714.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.46","end_time":"4714.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4714.84","end_time":"4715.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4715.4","end_time":"4715.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4715.61","end_time":"4716.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"comparable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.24","end_time":"4716.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.36","end_time":"4717.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"compare"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4717.06","end_time":"4717.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4717.5","end_time":"4717.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"rate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4717.98","end_time":"4718.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4718.13","end_time":"4718.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"death"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4719.3","end_time":"4719.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4719.58","end_time":"4720.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10,000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4720.42","end_time":"4721.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"houses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4721.78","end_time":"4722.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4722.21","end_time":"4723.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"315"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4723.61","end_time":"4724.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4724.11","end_time":"4724.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4724.27","end_time":"4724.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4724.36","end_time":"4724.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4724.7","end_time":"4725.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4725.91","end_time":"4726.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"recipients"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4726.67","end_time":"4726.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4726.84","end_time":"4727.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4727.07","end_time":"4727.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"37"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4727.75","end_time":"4728.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.06","end_time":"4728.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.17","end_time":"4728.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.25","end_time":"4728.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.54","end_time":"4728.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.79","end_time":"4729.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recipients"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4729.92","end_time":"4730.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4730.1","end_time":"4730.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4730.31","end_time":"4730.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4730.77","end_time":"4731.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"alone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4731.17","end_time":"4731.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4731.42","end_time":"4731.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9619","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4731.51","end_time":"4731.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4731.68","end_time":"4731.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9366","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4731.89","end_time":"4731.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4731.97","end_time":"4733.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"association"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4733.72","end_time":"4734.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.14","end_time":"4734.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.24","end_time":"4734.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.66","end_time":"4734.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.82","end_time":"4734.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.93","end_time":"4735.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drank"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4735.35","end_time":"4735.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4735.55","end_time":"4735.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4736.12","end_time":"4736.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4736.61","end_time":"4737.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8273","content":"caller"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4737.1","end_time":"4737.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deaths"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4737.92","end_time":"4738.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4738.92","end_time":"4739.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4739.23","end_time":"4739.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4739.94","end_time":"4740.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7775","content":"couples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4740.32","end_time":"4740.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4740.47","end_time":"4740.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4740.55","end_time":"4740.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4740.9","end_time":"4741.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4741.22","end_time":"4741.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4741.41","end_time":"4741.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4741.64","end_time":"4741.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4741.77","end_time":"4741.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4741.87","end_time":"4742.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4742.05","end_time":"4742.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4742.3","end_time":"4742.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4742.4","end_time":"4742.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4742.51","end_time":"4742.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4742.85","end_time":"4742.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4742.97","end_time":"4743.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4743.28","end_time":"4743.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"respect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4743.81","end_time":"4744.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"besides"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4744.42","end_time":"4744.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4744.62","end_time":"4744.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4744.89","end_time":"4745.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4745.01","end_time":"4745.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4745.12","end_time":"4745.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drinking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4745.7","end_time":"4746.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.01","end_time":"4746.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.32","end_time":"4746.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.43","end_time":"4746.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.73","end_time":"4746.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.86","end_time":"4747.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4747.02","end_time":"4747.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"causal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4748.2","end_time":"4748.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4748.47","end_time":"4748.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4748.64","end_time":"4748.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4748.75","end_time":"4749.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dirty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4749.01","end_time":"4749.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"water"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4749.33","end_time":"4749.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4749.77","end_time":"4750.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"caused"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4750.81","end_time":"4750.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4750.93","end_time":"4751.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"cholera"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4752.49","end_time":"4752.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.64","end_time":"4752.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.76","end_time":"4752.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.9","end_time":"4753.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4754.52","end_time":"4754.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7965","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4755.22","end_time":"4755.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4755.44","end_time":"4755.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4755.83","end_time":"4756.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9586","content":"key"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4756.67","end_time":"4756.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4756.78","end_time":"4757.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4757.06","end_time":"4757.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"takeaway"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4758.05","end_time":"4758.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4758.26","end_time":"4758.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4758.92","end_time":"4759.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4759.09","end_time":"4759.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4759.35","end_time":"4759.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4759.42","end_time":"4760.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4760.32","end_time":"4760.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4760.67","end_time":"4761.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9599","content":"ality"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4761.12","end_time":"4761.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4761.37","end_time":"4761.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4762.02","end_time":"4762.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4762.52","end_time":"4763.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"causes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4763.08","end_time":"4763.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4763.31","end_time":"4763.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"outcome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4764.4","end_time":"4764.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4764.56","end_time":"4764.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4764.77","end_time":"4764.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4764.85","end_time":"4765.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4765.25","end_time":"4765.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9447","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4765.35","end_time":"4765.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"control"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4765.72","end_time":"4765.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4765.96","end_time":"4766.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4766.06","end_time":"4766.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4766.22","end_time":"4767.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4767.14","end_time":"4767.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4767.31","end_time":"4767.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4767.63","end_time":"4768.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"respect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4768.26","end_time":"4768.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"besides"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4768.87","end_time":"4768.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4768.99","end_time":"4769.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4770.01","end_time":"4770.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4770.15","end_time":"4770.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4770.53","end_time":"4771.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.57","end_time":"4771.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.86","end_time":"4772.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"applied"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.2","end_time":"4772.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9573","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.29","end_time":"4772.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.47","end_time":"4772.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.57","end_time":"4772.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.67","end_time":"4772.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9634","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.96","end_time":"4773.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4773.06","end_time":"4773.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4773.27","end_time":"4773.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4773.43","end_time":"4773.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4775.49","end_time":"4775.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4775.71","end_time":"4775.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4775.85","end_time":"4776.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4776.19","end_time":"4776.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4776.46","end_time":"4776.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4777.53","end_time":"4777.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4777.84","end_time":"4778.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4778.0","end_time":"4778.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4778.14","end_time":"4778.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4778.35","end_time":"4778.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4778.49","end_time":"4778.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4778.91","end_time":"4779.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4779.1","end_time":"4779.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4779.37","end_time":"4779.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9246","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4779.42","end_time":"4780.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4780.21","end_time":"4780.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4781.92","end_time":"4782.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8444","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4782.03","end_time":"4782.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9462","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4782.69","end_time":"4782.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4782.88","end_time":"4783.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4783.0","end_time":"4783.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4783.12","end_time":"4783.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4783.51","end_time":"4783.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9631","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4783.62","end_time":"4784.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"control"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4784.02","end_time":"4784.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4784.28","end_time":"4784.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4784.45","end_time":"4785.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"systematic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4785.22","end_time":"4785.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"differences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4785.99","end_time":"4786.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"besides"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4786.74","end_time":"4786.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4786.84","end_time":"4787.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4787.31","end_time":"4787.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"itself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4788.62","end_time":"4788.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8867","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4788.8","end_time":"4788.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4788.95","end_time":"4789.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4789.16","end_time":"4789.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4789.39","end_time":"4789.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4790.06","end_time":"4790.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4790.44","end_time":"4790.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4790.99","end_time":"4791.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"observed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4791.88","end_time":"4792.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4792.35","end_time":"4792.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4792.59","end_time":"4793.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"caused"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4793.07","end_time":"4793.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4793.36","end_time":"4793.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4793.46","end_time":"4793.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treatment"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4793.88","end_time":"4794.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"itself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4794.36","end_time":"4794.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4794.48","end_time":"4794.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4794.65","end_time":"4794.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4794.84","end_time":"4795.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4795.11","end_time":"4795.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"factor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4796.32","end_time":"4796.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4797.05","end_time":"4797.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4797.56","end_time":"4797.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4797.67","end_time":"4798.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4798.24","end_time":"4798.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4798.4","end_time":"4798.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4799.77","end_time":"4800.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"coffee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4800.2","end_time":"4801.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drinkers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4801.33","end_time":"4801.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4801.56","end_time":"4801.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4801.62","end_time":"4801.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4801.79","end_time":"4801.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4801.84","end_time":"4802.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"higher"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4802.18","end_time":"4802.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4802.37","end_time":"4802.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4802.46","end_time":"4802.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4802.77","end_time":"4803.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"cancer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4804.09","end_time":"4804.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4805.21","end_time":"4805.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4806.54","end_time":"4806.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4806.81","end_time":"4807.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4807.08","end_time":"4807.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4807.48","end_time":"4807.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"coffee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4807.83","end_time":"4808.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drinking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4808.21","end_time":"4808.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5244","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4808.63","end_time":"4808.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lung"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4808.85","end_time":"4809.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cancer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4809.25","end_time":"4809.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4809.36","end_time":"4809.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4809.5","end_time":"4809.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4809.86","end_time":"4810.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"coffee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4810.22","end_time":"4810.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drinkers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4811.26","end_time":"4811.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4811.41","end_time":"4811.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4811.71","end_time":"4811.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4811.89","end_time":"4812.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"likely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4812.2","end_time":"4812.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4812.27","end_time":"4812.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smoke"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4812.79","end_time":"4812.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4812.94","end_time":"4813.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smoking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4813.43","end_time":"4813.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"causes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4813.84","end_time":"4814.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lung"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4814.05","end_time":"4814.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cancer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4815.01","end_time":"4815.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4815.23","end_time":"4815.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4815.35","end_time":"4816.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4816.13","end_time":"4816.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"effect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4816.6","end_time":"4816.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4816.72","end_time":"4816.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4816.9","end_time":"4817.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4817.72","end_time":"4817.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4817.98","end_time":"4818.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4818.39","end_time":"4818.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9652","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4818.55","end_time":"4818.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"amount"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4818.83","end_time":"4818.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4818.97","end_time":"4819.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4819.11","end_time":"4819.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smoked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4820.91","end_time":"4821.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4821.19","end_time":"4821.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confounding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4821.94","end_time":"4822.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4822.04","end_time":"4822.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4822.26","end_time":"4822.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4822.49","end_time":"4823.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confusing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4824.15","end_time":"4824.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4824.41","end_time":"4824.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4824.51","end_time":"4824.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4824.69","end_time":"4825.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4825.6","end_time":"4825.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4825.75","end_time":"4826.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4826.08","end_time":"4826.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conclude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4826.57","end_time":"4827.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"causation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4827.26","end_time":"4827.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4827.62","end_time":"4827.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4827.73","end_time":"4827.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4827.96","end_time":"4828.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"groups"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4828.45","end_time":"4828.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4828.55","end_time":"4828.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4828.79","end_time":"4828.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4828.93","end_time":"4829.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.675","content":"drank"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4829.21","end_time":"4829.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"coffee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4829.55","end_time":"4829.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4829.69","end_time":"4829.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4829.77","end_time":"4829.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4829.99","end_time":"4830.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4830.13","end_time":"4830.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4830.38","end_time":"4830.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"drink"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4830.6","end_time":"4831.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"coffee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4831.1","end_time":"4831.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9813","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4831.52","end_time":"4831.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4831.8","end_time":"4831.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4831.86","end_time":"4832.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4832.47","end_time":"4832.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7271","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4832.61","end_time":"4833.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4833.05","end_time":"4833.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4833.38","end_time":"4833.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4833.49","end_time":"4833.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"amount"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4833.75","end_time":"4833.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4833.85","end_time":"4833.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4833.97","end_time":"4834.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smoked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4835.01","end_time":"4835.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9508","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4835.26","end_time":"4835.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4835.42","end_time":"4835.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4835.62","end_time":"4835.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4835.74","end_time":"4835.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4835.83","end_time":"4836.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4836.06","end_time":"4836.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4836.21","end_time":"4836.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"caused"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4836.52","end_time":"4836.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4836.58","end_time":"4837.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4837.91","end_time":"4838.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7889","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4838.71","end_time":"4838.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8488","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4838.93","end_time":"4839.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4839.24","end_time":"4839.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4839.86","end_time":"4840.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4840.41","end_time":"4840.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4840.53","end_time":"4840.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4840.7","end_time":"4840.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4840.79","end_time":"4841.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4841.03","end_time":"4841.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4841.15","end_time":"4841.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Tuesday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4846.51","end_time":"4846.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4846.79","end_time":"4846.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4846.93","end_time":"4847.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4847.07","end_time":"4847.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4847.33","end_time":"4847.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4847.53","end_time":"4847.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4847.75","end_time":"4847.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4847.86","end_time":"4848.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8937","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4848.03","end_time":"4848.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9239","content":"surgery"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4852.56","end_time":"4852.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9113","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4852.73","end_time":"4852.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8906","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4852.9","end_time":"4853.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4857.4","end_time":"4857.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4857.82","end_time":"4858.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4858.05","end_time":"4858.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"involved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4859.08","end_time":"4863.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6842","content":"Way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4863.21","end_time":"4863.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"This'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4863.67","end_time":"4863.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4863.82","end_time":"4864.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4864.08","end_time":"4864.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4864.23","end_time":"4864.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5856","content":"UC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4864.63","end_time":"4864.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4864.88","end_time":"4865.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4865.25","end_time":"4866.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8405","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4866.03","end_time":"4866.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4866.2","end_time":"4866.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4866.53","end_time":"4866.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9801","content":"visit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4866.92","end_time":"4867.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9485","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4867.58","end_time":"4867.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7619","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4867.72","end_time":"4868.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4868.48","end_time":"4868.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9506","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4868.72","end_time":"4869.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4718","content":"CTU"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"}]},"status":"COMPLETED"}