{"jobName":"dsc10-10032019","accountId":"086609129331","results":{"transcripts":[{"transcript":"we owe you were listening to a UC San Diego podcast was a cool opportunity for data interested people. Okay, so today we're gonna learn about sequences. We'll start with a little recap. Or like I think that there was just one discussion question from last time that we didn't get to some announcements. The first lab is due on Friday, and the first homework is due on Monday. Remember the labs you need to type up on your own. But Homeworks, you could do with a partner using pair programming that model that I discussed on the first day. So if you haven't found a Hallmark partner and you're interested, try toe, try to connect with someone. There's, ah, post on Fiat there where you can post like like, kind like a dating service, right? You like, post about yourself and then someone responds if they want to work with you on the homework so you can use that if you want. Um, the way that you submit a lab versus the homework is a little bit different in the way that they're scored is a little bit different. The lab's air just scored on whether you can get those tests to pass. And if you get 100% of the test to pass and you'll get 100% on the lab and all you need to do to submit it, is that okay dot submit. So for homework. Since there's two types of questions, there's, like some coding questions as well a summary and questions we have. You submit your home rector to different places, so you submit it toe okay through that same sort of okay dot submit type of cell. But you also need toe to download a copy of your homework as a PdF and upload it to grade scope. So great scope is a site where we grade the manual questions, like the open ended questions. We grade those by hand, and the other code questions are automatically grated using tests. So the test that we used to grade correctness of the homework are not the same as the tests that are appearing in the notebook so often. The test that appear in the notebook check Really simple things, like if we asked for, um, I don't know, the number of days in a year, right? We would check that you gave an answer. That was a positive integer right in any positive integer would pass the test in the notebook, but on Lee in the number 365 would get credit on the homework. So the test, the correctness tests are kind of hidden to you guys. When you submit to great scope, it's gonna ask youto select the page that corresponds to each of the written questions. Right. So please do that so that our staff doesn't have to, like, scroll through 20 pages of your of your pdf to find your question. This is like a matching process where you say my answer to question one falls on page three. My answer to question two falls on page seven. Right. Um so please do that. The first programming basic session is going to be tonight. It's either at five or 6 p.m. In the C s. C basement. That's a mistake. Be 2 30 Thankfully, this is editable. All right. Um, the materials that they're going to use for that are posted on Piazza. This is run by tutors. Yeah. Wait. Yeah, yeah, because we only use great scope to grade the written questions. And when you get your homework scores back. You're not getting anything back yet, but this is good to know. You'll get a separate homework score from great scope, which is like, how well you did on the written portion and he'll get it. Ah, homework score from OK, which is how you did on the code in question. And you just add your scores together. Great scope. I think you can resubmit, and it'll overwrite. Um, but usually people just do it once. Yeah, okay. Just text, right? You right. It doesn't check the, like, the style of your code. It just check certain variables. Are they set to the right thing first, Your very own number. Well, how do you know if the outputs right? That's the thing for the homework. You don't really know if the output is the right answer. Like on the lab. Remember, there's one question about how many seconds in a decade, right? That kind of like the hints and the formatting test. Kind of like tell you what? The answer is right in the homework. It would just pass no matter what. You put What on Lee in the lab. In the homework. If you pass the test in the notebook. It doesn't mean you gotta, right? Yeah. Does that make sense? Okay. Other questions. All right, To do so. Last time we just learned the very basics of python expressions, variables, functions like built in functions or functions within a module like the math module. Um, and then three main data types into for intruders float for decimal point numbers and strings for pieces of text. And we learned about how you can convert between these different types. So we will start with this as a review. Which expression can be evaluated without an error. Bc Okay, vote, if you haven't and then we'll go. We'll go through them and see what happens. B and D d is most popular. Okay, so here they are. X is an integer right? And y and Z, I'm defining us strings. And I know that because I'm putting quotes around them, right? So that means that python doesn't treat them as numerical values like it doesn't know howto where they fall on a number line, for example, it just knows what characters they're made up of. So x plus why that's trying to add an into plus a string. Right. And the This gives you an error because you can't add an integer to a string. Right? The string might be the word chicken. Right? And that wouldn't make sense. Okay, how about this one? So 45.6. What is that? So why plus Z when you add two strings, he really couldn't cat Nate them or just push them together. So you do four. Followed by 5.6. So 45.6 is why plus Z. And it has trouble converting it to an end. So I'll remove this part. It's really just the problem of converting 45.6 to Earth 45.6 to an end. It can't do that. Um, there's a work around 45.6 is afloat. Rights. You can convert it from a string to afloat, and then you can always convert afloat to an end by using the function end. But it's going around down, right? So it's not exactly equal. Does that make sense? Okay, how about this one string of X plus into why? Well, this is kind of similar to the 1st 1 right? The 1st 1 we're trying to add an interview with a string and didn't work here. We're trying to add something that's a string to something that's an inch. So it also doesn't work. But it's interesting out. Their message is slightly different. Um, the 1st 1 is just saying, When you have an Internet string, you can't add them. The 2nd 1 is saying I needed to see a string, not an ent. It was expecting to see a string where it's on it. So the problem was string of ex. That's a string, right? So it saw string and then it thought plus sign. And then it's looking for another string, right? But it didn't see another string. It's on intense death. So that's why that's what that error is saying. And the last one. This one works when I convert ex to a string. It's the String three and then I can always add two strings by pushing them together in Captain eating Okay, questions. I'm not all right. Good. So they're going to review some of that sort of stuff in the Programming Basics session today. We're gonna go on thio, looking at sequences of values so informally, like a sequence of values is like a list. One thing after the other after the other after the other, there's an order to them in Python. The word list has a very particular meaning, so I'll try to just use the word sequences to refer to the values and some order. But you can think of it informally as like a list. So one way of storing a sequence of values is in an array. So in an array you have just a bunch of values one after the other, and they all have to have the same type and a raise our convenient. Because if you want to change a whole bunch of values, if you store them in an array, then you do arithmetic to that array. You change every element in the right all at the same time. So if you have an array of values and you want to add one to everything, you can do that sort of in a single command, because all the values are already stored in the sequence. Uh, when two arrays are added, they have to have the same size. Corresponding elements are added in the results. I'll give you some examples of this stuff on the board. Um, I think of in array as, like, vector. If you've learned about this in math, like just a sequence of value, so you can think I'm gonna drop like this. 8762 Right. You can also think about it using the memory model that we learned last time. Like each variable has a space and memory you can think of in array as, like, a sequence of spaces and memory. So eight and then seven and then six and then two, All right, so these are two different sort of ways to visualize it. Um, And the third bullet point says, When I do arithmetic right, let's say add one. I'm going to get 9873 right? Or, if I add one thinking about it this way, get night. And when you add two arrays, they have to have the same size. Because what you do is you sort of lined them up and you add the 1st 2 things and you had the 2nd 2 things and the 3rd 2 things on the 4th 2 things. Um so it doesn't make sense if there's like, a mismatch uh, in length, But a special cases. If one of the race has size one, then you just add that number to all the others. Okay, so we'll do lots of examples to see these things in action. I want to show you a couple import statements. So we're going to use in this class not too many different packages, but the ones that will use all the time are this data science package. So this is a library that was written for this class? Specifically, it has, like a simplified version of more complicated data processing packages. It's a design for people to learn from more easily. And numb pie is, ah, a package for mostly working with a raise. It stands for a new miracle. Python numb pie. Um so the way we learned to import a package in the last class Waas like with the math with the math package redid import math. All right, neither of these air doing this. So let me do the num pie one first, cause that's a little more standard. I could just say important. Um, pie, right. And then every time I want to use a numb pie function, I would have to type the name of the module numb pi dot and then the name of the function within, um, pie that I want to use. So if you say as and some other name, this is Justin abbreviation that rather than saying numb pi dot function name Aiken say n p dot function name. It just makes me type a little bit less for the data science package. I could also do this import data science, all right. And then similarly, every time I want to use a function from the data science module, I have to say data science dot function name. But we're going to use the data science module for, like, so many things that we don't even want to type. Anything like I could do import data science as D s. But even that is too cumbersome because we're going to use the data science package all the time. So this is like a special way of importing using this asterisk which imports everything and allows me toe to use those functions without typing the module name at all. So if I want to use a function from the data science package, I just write its name and it kind of nose to get it from the data science package without having to type data science adopt. So these air just abbreviations You won't really need to import much. Somebody did tell me that they needed to import the math package in the homework. So if you need that, this is the the statement that you need, but we'll give you the number I package and the data science package. But just so you know, sort of what those what those means? Because it's not too annoying to type the word math. Basically, Yeah, you could if you want. You could do, like as m from with All right. Right. Does that make sense? Yeah. I think you can only do one. Does anyone confirmed? Uh, I don't know. Well, I think you might allow you to do more than one, but, um, it would get confused potentially if, like, the two different packages have functions of the same name, then I don't think it would know which one to grab from. So I think it's good practice to just do one. Um, I'm not sure if it allows you to do more than one. But we'll only ever do that for a data science. Did I even run this? I talked about it and I didn't run it. Okay, so it can take a little while toe import a package because there's a lot of stuff you're grabbing. So a raise are nice because they kind of simplify operations that you might want to do over and over and over for different data. Right? Um, the command to make an array, This comes from the data science package. So this is a function within the data science package called Make Array. So because I imported it with that star, I don't need to a type data science dot maker. I could just say make array, and you simply give it the values that you want in your array. All right, so maybe I want to make an array with the values. 12372 And I want to make another array with values. 32108 All right, here. I'm just, uh, creating a raise and saving them right. I'm assigning variables to those arrays, but doesn't display anything If I want to see what the rays look like I would need toe sort of ask. That's what the you're a one looks like. That's what you're a A two looks like. And to Adam, it just adds the corresponding entries. Right? One and 32 in 23 and 1702 and eight. Another thing you can do is access an element of an array. A particular element in a particular spot by asking for the item at a particular index index is like a position of where in the array something is, and you start counting as zero. So let's look at a to a two dot items. Zero means the very first thing three a two dot item one means the second thing. Um, what's the last item? So this is item zero. Item one, Item two, Item three, Item four. There's five elements. So the last one is item Before, if I tried to do item five, I'm going to get an error. So if you see out of bounds, that means the index you're trying to access is not actually within the array. The only indices here are 0123 and four, so I can try to get index fund does that make sense? Okay, so that's something to keep in mind that you always count, starting at zero. Okay, so let's pretend I don't know. Somebody has four children, and they keep track of how much each of their children ways and the weights are recorded in kilograms. So here are the weights of each baby. I want to load these weights into an array. So if I use the maker a command, I'm gonna make an array with those four values. They already have names, right? So rather than retyping the values, I can say, baby, one baby too, baby. Three. All right. If I forget how I named these things, I can use the tab. Help me, Auto. Complete it. Okay, so that's my array of weights and kilograms. And now you can ask questions about each of the babies, and you can do calculations for each of the baby's kind of all at once. Right? So one question is like, How did each of these babies compared to the average weight of all babies, right, So the average weight of all newborns, like every baby that's born, is about 3.5 kilograms, right? Some of Those four babies weighed more than 3.5 some way less than 3.5. Right, So deviation is sort of how much above or below average they were. So what I want is to take the what I call it weights and kilograms and just subtract 3.5 from each element. I guess all subtract average weight. I already have a name for that. So this tells me that my first baby was slightly below average. My second baby was a little below average. My third baby was like, really underweight, right? And my fourth baby waas above the average weight. Okay. And you can see by how much. So this is nice, because I answered four questions at once. Right? I could have done baby one minus 3.5, baby two minus 3.5, baby three minus 3.5, baby four minus 3.5 and gotten the same set of four numbers. Right? But that's four separate calculations that are very similar. So a raise allow you to d'oh Ah, bunch of similar calculation. Sort of in one step and you could imagine like, you know, you want to calculate this for a much larger group of babies. Uh, the benefit of using an array becomes even greater. Another thing you might want to dio, right? Is convert the weights. £2? Yeah. Uh huh. You put that whole thing like, yeah, if you want. Right. So I have a sign here. Negative means the baby was below the average weight. Positive means they were above the average weight. If you wanted to see just how far from average where they right, then you could put it within an absolute value. This doesn't tell me which babies were underweight, her overweight. But it does tell me which babies were most abnormal in which babies were most typical. Yeah, well, yeah. So we'll get to another example that has has ways to do that. Um, right now, I'm just simply, uh, I'll take away the absolute value. I'm just simply displaying the deviations from the average weight. Right? But I'm not saving them. If I want to do further calculations with these numbers, I need to store them in some variable so I could make a variable called deviations. Great. And then just show it to you. My Yeah, Yeah. All right. Let's try this problem. Convert the weights £2. So here's the weights and kilograms. There's £2.2 in a kilogram, Right? So what do I need to do to teach of these numbers? Times 2.2, right. But because they're all stored in an array, I could just take the name of the array and times 2.2, and that's gonna produce the weights and pounds. Great. So you can see that that third baby was pretty underweight, right? £5 babies, Pretty small. This is almost a £9 baby, which is pretty big. So if you wanna again use these later on for any reason, I might call them weights in pounds help. He waits lb in years and thats saving it in a variable so that I can refer to it later. Good. So a question you might want to ask is how many baby weights are recorded? All right, this is a short or rice is easy to count by hand, right? But sometimes you're given large sequences of data and you want to know, like, how much data do I have? Right? How many students are in this class? I haven't given a roster of names, right? And I want to count how many there are. So there's two different ways to do this. They're totally equivalent. So one of them is a function called L E N. It stands for length, and it works like you put the name of the array inside the parentheses. So I'm asking, what's the length of this array? And the answer is four. So this means that there are four numbers recorded here. All right, but the Indus E is right. Since the indices start counting at zero, it doesn't make sense to do item for right. There is no item for there's only an item three. So Item three is the last element, but the length is for okay. The other way is dot size. All right, so this is not a function. This is like a different way of accessing the size of an array or the length of it arrived. He's always give the same number, but they're used like the syntax. The way you use them is different. Dot size goes after the name of the array and lane. Ellie End goes in front of the name of the right with parentheses? No, they're totally equivalent. Yeah, you're right. We're gonna use a make array. So do that. Yeah, you make a right. So that's the only way we're We're making a races that make array function. Okay, so here's another, um, array. Right. This is like an actual data set, right? This is the temperature in San Diego from August of last year. It was pretty hot that I'll get straight. I think that's pretty hot for San Diego. How many days did I collect temperatures for? Well, I know how many days there are in August, right? But it is good to check that you collected one each day. All right. Um so how would I do that? Size or the lane? Len of attempts 31. Yeah, that's right. Or equivalently. Temps stop. Size. Right? So there's 31 days in August. I got one for every day. Now, there's some natural questions you might want to ask, right? What was the average temperature in August of of 2018? So here's some array methods. There's a some function, and there's the size, which I already told you about, so you can add up all those numbers all those values and just divide by 31. There's also a built in mean method for a raise, right, so a raise have certain functions and methods you can use specifically for a raise. I'm showing you a few here. Weaken. I'm not sure if I have a list of them here, but there's a list of them in the book, and you confined lists online, right? So again, don't worry about knowing exhaustively every function you can d'oh, but more just like understanding how things work in a few. If you decide you want to do something that you don't have a function for, you can look it up and see what's the right function to do that. So let's say the maximum men. We already know that there's these built in python functions for maximum in. We use them in like the last class when we did some simple questions like, What's the max of 456 and nine? Right? And this can take in any number of arguments. And if you give it just one argument, that argument needs to be some sort of sequence of values. You can give it the sequence of values of temperature or a and it will find the largest one right. Similarly, you can find the smallest one. This comma here means I'm just basically asking for multiple expressions at the same time, right? So it's going to show them both. To me, the lowest is 79. On the highest is 91 string. Oh my, like this. Like temp. Oh, the next one. Sure, yeah, let's try it out. So let's look, what's the type of Z? So it's called a to pull, which is kind of like an ordered pair. It's like a more general term for an ordered pair where there could be two things or three things or four things. So it's, um no, I don't think it does. Um, let's try it. Uh, so the type of Z is this to bull? Yeah, and they're different types, So we're just using the common to just sort of display multiple things. We won't really saved multiple things like that. We would just make two separate variables for, like, the highest temp in the lowest time, Huh? So this is using the built in functions which happened to work on a raise as well as just sequences of values. Uh, but a raise have their own sort of min and max methods. So just like there's a dot, some dot mean there's also adopt men and dot max and these air faster. So if you have large arrays, it's better to use the the min and max that are specifically meant for a raise rather than the General Min and Max, which do anything. It's kind of just more optimized for that settings. It'll give you a faster results. No, we'll give you like a list for the exams and you have a reference with your book and everything for the assignments. Definitely no. Well, they are okay, that's one of the built in python. The length is something with a race specifically, so that's just in a ray. That's like the, um, the N P. Well, it's not from numb pie, but, um, it's just a sort of a special function that work specifically for a raise. Yeah, I don't think you can do length of anything else. I don't know. Do you use the same Eliane? Okay, then then then it's just like a built in function that we're using on a raise But you could use it for other things too, apparently. Okay, Any other questions? Okay, um, so a couple other things you might want to dio right again. This is just like examples of types of things you can do. Um, is sort the temperature's right, cause the the way I gave them to you was just in order of day after day after day. Like the first entry is August 1st in the August 2nd. Right? But you might want to sort them t just sort of visualize the state in a different way. So there's a sorting function available within the dump I package. Right. So if I want to use that sorting function, I have to type the name of the module, which I'm using NP because of how I imported it. I imported as np dot the name of the function, which is sort and then I'll give it my array name to remember. You can use the question Mark Thio to provide the documentation for how this works, Right? There's a lot of, um, optional parameters. Uh, n p dot sore. It takes an array A and it returns assorted copy of the array and These are other optional parameters. And if you don't specify them, they tell you what they're going to use. They're going to use one they were gonna use quick. Thor, they're gonna use none, right? You don't have to worry about what that means. Yeah. So you right. Wait. Right. So that's a good question. N p dot Sort of temps. Immediately after doing this, let me pronounce temps. Temps is unchanged. Right? So this doesn't change the array. It just manipulates and shows you the answer. So it's like all the math expressions we've done, right? You're just sort of asking python toe, calculate something for you and show you the answer. But you don't say it doesn't save unless you tell it to save somewhere. Is there another question? Okay, um, another function that the n p package includes is to find the difference. So this is ah, maybe a little harder to understand. Calculate the end. Discreet difference along the given axis. That's hard to understand. But maybe this helps. The first difference is given by the output in position and is the input in position and plus one minus position. So let's just do the example and we'll see if we can make sense of it. So minus one means that in going from the first day of August to the second day of August, it dropped one degree right. Zero means from the second day two, the third day it stayed the same minus one means that dropped another degree, plus one means that went up a degree, right? So this allows you to isolate, like extreme temperature changes. Right? Right here, there's a minus four. That's a significant difference from one day to the next. Right? Really cooled off on that date. Um, something that's interesting is that let me give this a name differences, and then I'll ask for the length of differences. This has size 30. Where is the original? Wright had size 31. Does that make sense? Why? Because if there's like five things, there's only four spaces between them. Right? Um, so if there's 31 days, there's only 30 pairs of days. Let's try this convert from Fahrenheit two Celsius, right? So these temps were given in fair and I, but maybe you want to describe tow somebody else. You understand Celsius, what the temperatures are like here so the way you convert a single number from Fahrenheit Celsius is given by that formula, right? But this is just like a whole bunch of of individual numbers, and they're packaged up in this nice way so I can subtract 32 from each of them in one command, and then I can multiply all of those by five nights in one command. All right? And if I want to save this, I might call it something like temp. See, Does that make sense? So when you do the differences now, the values they're gonna be different. N p dot def of Celsius temperatures? Well, there's no four degree drop, right. That was a four degree Fahrenheit drop. But there's a 2.2 degrees Celsius drop. Let me friends. So do you see why I raise are useful when you have to do like the same calculation many times with different pieces of data. That's what rays are for, and that happens like quite a bit when you're working with data. Okay, Um, one of the things that I mentioned about a raise was that all the elements have to have the same type. Ah, and if you try to make an array where they have different types. Python's gonna make them be the same by finding sort of the type that could work for all of them. Right. So these are some bands. 3 11 Is that the name of a band? Right, But I didn't put it as a string. I just put it as an integer. But if I try to make an array, you can see that now. It has quotes around it, right? It wasn't able to convert the other names, too. Integers right. But it is able to convert an indigent to a string always. And if you look at the type right there, Item one, remember item zero. Item one. It is a strength. So a raise always have ah, have the same type. So the title maybe is a bad title raised with mixed types Don't really exist. They get turned into a race with the same type. Good. Okay. Um, another thing that's really useful is trying to get a sequence of values that are, uh, that follows some pattern. Right? So, like the counting numbers 12345 Or, like the even numbers 2468 10 right? So you could use the maker Ray command and type in the numbers that follow this pattern. But that's a little bit tedious, especially if you need, say, all the numbers from 1 to 1000. You don't want to type them in by hand, but since there's a nice sort of mathematical pattern to the numbers in such a sequence, there's an easy way toe to generate an array with with such kind of numbers. So this is called a Range arranges an array that has consecutive numbers in it. All right, so this is the simplest case. This is, ah, function provided by the dump I package. So you'd use n p dot a range. This is not the English word A range Like to put things in order, right? This is a space like the article there is a and then this thing is called range, right? So a range, it's saying, make a range of values. Uh, and if you give it one argument, it's gonna make an array of integers that start from zero and go up up to that point. So I think I'm gonna just show you some examples. NP dot a range five starts at zero. And I thought it was gonna go up to five, but doesn't really go up to five. Right? It goes up to four. So you can think of this number as, like, uh, the place that it definitely stops before it has to stop before it gets to five. Okay, Another way to think of this. Five. The reason that has a five years. Because there's five elements. 01234 There's five values there, so it stops before it gets to five up to, but not including right. Okay, so that's the most basic way to create a range of values. But what if you don't want to start a zero? What if you want to start somewhere else, right? You can do that by putting a second argument, right? So if you use n p dot a range with two parameters, then the 1st 1 tells you where to start, and the 2nd 1 tells you where to end. So 3 to 9 is going to get 345678 So this is asymmetric, right? It does include the first value of three, but it doesn't include the last value of nine. So this is a bit unusual, but a lot of python things work this way that it includes the left endpoint, but not the right on point. So in math notation with intervals, you might say like a to B, where a is included and B is excluded. Okay, And then another thing you can do is what if you don't wantto consecutive numbers, but you want numbers that follow some regular pattern right? Rather than counting every number, maybe want every other number every third number. You could do that with 1\/3 input to N p dot a range. And that third put tells you how much to jump by if you only want the even numbers you had jumped by two. Right? If you only want every third number, you would jump by three. So think about what numbers this is gonna give. It's going to start at three, and it's gonna end before it gets to 30 right? It won't include 30 but it will include everything before 30 and it's gonna jump by five. So three and then five more is eight and then five more is 13 and then five more is 18 and so on. Does that make sense? So how would you get? Like, um, So how did you get the even numbers? Positive. Even numbers. Less than 100. So I swear what I start? Well, I want positive, even numbers. So I'd start with two less than 100. I could end at 100 and I could jump by two. There they are. Is there a different solution? Is that the only solution? Can I change any of these numbers and still sort of produce the same output? They do have to be pop. What? Oh, that's close your clothes. Yeah. If I change 100 to 101 uh, then I'm gonna now include the number 100 right? But if I change 100 to 99 then it's going to stop before it gets to 99. But that's fine, because it was going to stop at 98 anyway, does that make sounds? So these both give the same help, right? Does that make sense? Questions? Yeah, So you can jump by weird values and you can start out weird values. And you could Oh, yours. What do you mean, right? Oh, like instead of being mixed? Yeah, I think it will. Um, like, let's say you start up. Yeah, like even one and two and three and four have a decimal point. And you Bye afloat. Yeah. And that makes sense. Because the output it tells you right here, the output is an array, right? So a raise always have to have the same type consistently throughout. So if any of them are decimals than all of them are gonna be treated us floats. That's right. Not yeah, because it doesn't really make sense, toe like, have the next string or to jump by a certain value. So first, uh, it depends exactly what you want to do. But you could You'd likely having arrived strings, right? But you might also want like in a ray that has the chapter numbers, right? You might want the array one through. What was it like, 47 or something you could use n p dot Arrange to get the chapter numbers. Okay. So, really, if you understand this third version, start end and step, then you understand the previous versions. You just need to remember the default values if you omit something, so if you omit step, it defaults toe one right. It's gonna jump by one and give you every integer. If you omit start, then it's gonna assume that you're starting at zero. Right, and you can't omit and you have to give it at least 11 input. So let me show you that help function for this. Just you can sort of get practice using the help functions. Np dot a range question mark. Remember that the square braces mean this is optional, so the star is optional. The step is optional, but you have to include where it stops. It returns evenly spaced values within a given interval. It talks about the half open interval. So includes the start point, but not the stop point. Um, and then it tells you the values that it will default to if you don't include it. So the default start zero and the default step is one. Okay, so that's it becomes a pretty useful thing. Oh, here's more think. Think about what this is going to do. It's showing you that you could not even do with negative values, right? Jumping by 0.5. What is this from neck from one to negative? Three. There's nothing in here because the first, when you give it to values, it's a starting value and unending value. So it's going to start at one, and it's gonna keep adding one. The default behavior is to step by one, it adds one until it gets toe to negative three right. But that only makes sense if the second value is larger than the first value, right? In other words, there's nothing in the interval from next. From one to negative three, right? There's nothing here. There's nothing that's, ah greater than or equal to one, but less than negative three. All right, how about this one? This is starting at one and stopping at negative three. But but jumping down so you could do this to do? If you want something like in reverse order, you can start at the highest value and stop at the smallest value and jump down, so I don't know, 13 0 negative one will give you the numbers from 13 down to one. All right, so here's a question about this, So I noticed that X is different than y and Z when you use maker Ray, you're literally telling it which elements to put right. So X has three things. A two, a three and a four. Why, however saying started to end before you get to three and jumped by four. Right? So those mean very different things. Even though the it looks kind of similar try to draw out What? What do you think? Looks like what is why going to contain just to write? Because it needs to be greater than or equal to two but less than three, right and jumping by four. The next value would be six, which is already too big. Um, and what is he? 012? When you only give one value, it's the end point and you assume to start at zero. Jumped by one. All right, Make sure the vote. I'm gonna close this up. Okay, so there's two that a lot of people have voted for A and D. So if you voted for a right, what's the problem? You're adding X and Y, and those are a raised with different sizes. So there's a mismatch, right? And it's true that normally you can't add a raise with different sizes because of that mismatch. But there's a special case, which is if one of the arrays has size one. So I don't think we did an example of this. I'll go back and try to find it for you guys. Yeah. So this is here. When two arrays are added, they have to have the same size unless one of the race has size one. So if I try toe making array 3456 and add it to another A 123 it's not gonna work because these have different sizes. But if one of the race has size one, it just treats that as the constant three, and it just adds three to everything. So for this discussion problem, that's going to be okay. Just it just treats that one value is a constant and just adds that constant everything. Yeah, So it does work. It just adds to do everything X plus Z, that's gonna work. And it's just gonna add the corresponding and trees Z item zero plus wise item zero is gonna add two plus a zero. But ex item one and why Item one runs into a problem, cause why has no item one right item One would be here. Okay, good. Okay, so that's it for a raise. The next thing that will talk about his table. So arrays are sort of like a one dimensional list of data values, right? But often when you work with data, you work with data that comes in tables. In other words, you don't just have, like, a list of temperatures. You have a table of dates and high temperatures and low temperatures. And how cloudy it wasit, like one of various other pieces of information. Okay, so there's lots of different libraries that use tables. Pandas is the most popular and widely known one. It stands for Python data analysis library, but they call it pandas for short. In this class, we're not using pandas. We're gonna use this data science module, which has, like, a a similar structure. Toe toe, what pandas uses pandas, uses data frames here. We'll just call them tables. Um, this is sort of Ah, a difficult decision of, like, howto how to teach tables in this class because on the one hand, we want to teach you things that will be trancelike so that your knowledge is transferrable to other settings, right? But on the other hand, it's a lot harder to learn the Pandas library on your first time because, like libraries that are used in production are always changing, and they don't necessarily go back and update things and make old things compatible with new things are always evolving. They also have a lot more options available because they're used so widely. So it could be like, really confusing toe. Look at a function that has 20 different parameters and try to figure out which ones you need and which ones you don't and what you can ignore. Um, so in this class, we're doing the simplified version and the data science package. Thio basically highlight what's important, and in later classes you'll transition to these other libraries. And actually, we're working on, like for future versions of of this course to China, to try to switch toe to something that's kind of in between what we have now and what what actual pandas is to sort of close that gap a little bit. So some people are like disappointed when they are like, Oh, we're not gonna learn pandas in this class. But motivated students can sort of take what they learn in this class and try toe to do it in pandas on the side to sort of see how the things compare. There's actually, uh, all posted on Piazza, but, um, I mentioned that we're transitioning towards sort of an intermediate between pandas and the data science package. It's gonna be called baby pandas. And there are ah, UCSD student over the summer, who's a data science major. Worked with one of the professors on implementing this library. And so there's like a nice table of of sort of equivalence is between the data science commands and pandas commands. So I'll share that with you if you're interested. But we're not gonna strictly use pandas in this class. Okay, um but despite not using pandas like the same ideas of how you work with data and how you manipulate data to answer questions are very much the same. Right? So all the like, like the content of what you're learning is easily transferrable. It's just that the commands are different. So a table structure is kind of what you expect. Uh, I think it's easier to just show you an example right. There's columns that have labels, right? And then there's a bunch of rose that contain the data values, right? So this looks like a table of different states, and they're abbreviations and how big they are in square meters, right? And presumably this is just an excerpt from a table. There's probably 50 Rose on this in the full table. It would make sense to have a table for the entire United States, and not just California and Nevada. Um, so each column has a label and the data in a column all generally has the same type, right? Like all of these codes for for states are two letter strings, right? All of the areas are integers, which represents square meters, right? All of the names of states are strings which represent the state name. So in a table, a table is just made up of a bunch of columns, and you can think of each column as an array, right, cause in Honore, everything has the same type. Um, a table can also be thought of as a collection of rose rose go across. But rose are not a raise because they could have different data types in there. So, Rose are more like those two pools that we saw earlier. Yeah. Wait for me. Oh, yeah. You couldn't do something like that. Um, we won't really worry about it. So I want to tell, you know, there are historical story. Um, and we're going to use this historical story as, like, a czar first table that will work with, um So this is Charles Minard. He was a civil engineer who is known for creating a really famous data visualization. So nowadays we have, like, the's infographics and these really cool interactive data displays like, um, Fear seeing those New York Times ones where they have, like, heat maps and, like, they're really they're really cool. It's like, just fun to play around with it. But back in me nards time, right? That sort of thing didn't exist. So his greatest data visualization of all time was just a display of a whole bunch of information and one really easy to read sort of format that told a story much like the way these New York Times visualizations are interesting and tell a story. So his story that he was telling was about he was French right. So he was talking. He was telling the story of Napoleon invading Russia, and he kept track in this visualization of six different variables. So he kept track of how many soldiers there were at each point on the march, whether the march was advancing towards Russia or retreating away. So those heir to this is actually three and four, the latitude and longitude of each city that they stopped at, um, on the return journey. He also kept track of the temperature. And this is also the return journey. What? What dates? They were at each of the different cities. So the table of data is like, uh, the first column would be the city that they were in, right? And then for each city that they were in, he would keep track of how many soldiers were still there at that point of the march, whether they were advancing towards Russia or retreating where exactly the city was located. What was the temperature if it was a retreat and what was the date? So here's the picture. Okay, Cool. So it doesn't seem like it has all that information right there, does it like it seems like a pretty simple picture, but it tells the story. I'll try toe to go through all sex, things. So direction of the march. They started out here and they went towards Moscow and then they returned. Right? So the color indicates the direction. That's easy. Uh, latitude and longitude. Well, this is a map. So you can see for each city where it relates relative to the other cities, right? Like Moscow is the furthest North point on their trip, right? And it's also the furthest, uh, Eastpoint on their trip, right? So just by the fact that it's laid out as a map that also conveys a geographical latitude and longitude information, what other things? The temperature and the dates So that stuffs on the bottom. Um, uh, the return journey is shown in black and at different cities. They had readings of what the temperature was at these different places. So if you read this red line graph from right toe left, it's a little bit backwards of how you would read a graph. Right? Time is going from right to left here because they marched from left to right and then back from right to left and This is the return journey, right? So on their way back, this is telling you the temperature that the that the troops were marching in. So this top line is zero degrees. This next line is negative. 10 degrees negative, 20 degrees and negative 30 degrees. So this is Russia in November and December, So, um, it's pretty cold. This says it was zero degrees on October 15th. That's when they were in Moscow and wherever they were here was October 24th. Then it was negative nine degrees on November 9th. Negative. 21 degrees. Right. So it keeps track of both the time and the temperature with this red, um, this red graph and then the real story that's being told here is the number of soldiers. All right, so the number of soldiers is represented by the thickness of this bar that goes over and back. So the thickness of the bar is proportional to the number of soldiers that were alive at that point of the march. So they left with all these soldiers, right? And as they go on, this bar thins out right and thins out and thins out, thins out and look at what a small proportion of those who left came home. Great. And it's cool because you can sort of see what happened to them, right? This small group of people, right? Sort of left. And I don't know what happened here, right? But a smaller number of them came back, right. This is a tiny, thin black line that came back. Oh, and I guess it goes all the way down to here and came home. So some small group of people basically aborted immediately. But even them, like not many of them, came home. Um, another significant group of people, uh, aborted pretty early on, right, And some of them came home. But again not it's not as thick as the as the ones that departed. The ones that made it all the way. Right? You can see, like basically as they went, it's thinning out. But really on the return trip was was where they were mostly devastated because the return trip waas October, November and December and these were the temperature's right. Negative 21 degrees negative, 30 degrees. Right, So it was freezing cold. And you can see particular instances of where the, um where the troops thinned out our river crossings. Right. So there is one river crossing here. Got a bit thinner there. This one is really significant. All right. So something happened at that river crossing where a big, thick black bar of troops was returning home and only a thin black bar of troops actually made it home. Right, Because they were trying to cross a river when it was, like, negative 20 degrees and not many of them made it. And here's another river crossing, right? And you can see there's numbers, uh, which tell the number of troops left at each point. So it looks like they started with about 422,000 and came back with about 10,000. So that's pretty pretty devastating. And this this picture tells that whole story. I mean, not the whole story, right? But you can learn a lot. Just I'm looking at this one picture, and it's a really nice picture because it has six different pieces of information, right? But it's not cluttered. It's, uh, pretty like visually appealing, right? And it conveys the story without overwhelming you with with information. So we're just gonna look at the, uh the underlying sort of data table from which this visualization would have been made. The data powering the map. So I've already imported these. Once they're imported, you don't need to do them again. So I just get this weird error because I think I have, like, a later version of python that I need. But if I run it again, it goes away. So you can ignore that, Uh, I'm reading a table. So basically, I have a C S V file that contains this data, and I'm reading it into python so that now I can work with it. So let me try toe find my my data table. Okay? So I'm just gonna open this with, like, no pad. Right. So this is what my C s V file looks like somewhere in the same folder as the notebook that I'm that I'm using. Right now I have this comma separated value or CS avi file, and it's just a bunch of values separated by commas. Right. So this kind of looks like the table, right? Um, and Python is just reading in this data and displaying it in that that tabular format. So the command to do. That is something you'll learn. Where are you? This one? Something you'll learn and use a lot Table with a capital t dot read table. And then you input the name of the C S V within quotes because it takes him a string. So now Minard is a table. I wonder what happens if you ask for the type. Yeah. So the type of Minard is Ah, a data science table. It falls within that data science package. Okay, so it has the different cities where they're located. Uh, what direction they're going in. And how many survivors? I don't have the temperature data and stuff on here. So a table has a specific number of columns on a specific number of rose, and the way you access them is just dot numb columns and Dr Ruth. Yeah. So in the same place that you pull the the lecture from, If you go to the website schedule, you can grab the lecture by clicking that link, and that will grab the whole folder. So you Yeah, well, you can You can do it in your data, huh? Yeah. So you'll get the whole folder, which includes the CSD files and all. Like the image files and stuff that I have in the presentation. Yeah. Good question. So these are, like, really basic table commands, right? How many columns doesn't have and how many. Rose doesn't have. One thing that keep in mind is that Rose does not count this like, first hetero of labels. It says it has eight rows and that there's actually eight cities, so the labels don't count as a row. So sometimes if the the label that exists in the data that you're given is really long and cumbersome and ugly, you might want to change the name, right? This happens a lot like when you download data from somewhere. It has some really ugly name, and you only wanna maybe use certain columns of a large data set, and you want to give them simpler names. So this is how you do that with so within data find? Yeah, right. Other questions? Yes, that's all from data sign. So everything table related is within data science. Right? So, uh, because, like, I did the import data science with the star like, I don't need to use the word data science to refer to a you? Yes. Yeah, yeah, something like that. I don't know exactly, because I I always do it this way. Other questions. Okay, so this is just a sort of a quick preview of some of the table commands. And again, you don't have to, like, learn every command by watching me do it. But you'll have a list in your textbook, and we'll give you a list for the exams of, like, what are the table command? So you should just know, like, how to use them. Thio, get what you want. All right, So sometimes you want to. First of all, what labels are available, right when you download a data set, there's often hundreds or thousands of columns, right? And rather than like, scrolling over, this is a quick way to to see what the columns are. And let's say I find the name City not descriptive enough. I can re label city to be city name. Okay, so I couldn't decide whatever I want to call it. So it looks like I relabeled city to be city name. But when you use the relabel command, it actually gives you back a new table with the manipulation that you asked for and doesn't change the original table. So this is like the same thing we've seen before with variables. When you update a variable or sort of change it manipulated in some way, it doesn't get saved unless you specifically store it again as the name of that variable. So last time we did like my variable times too, and not just doubled the number and showed you the answer. Right? But if you want to actually double your variable, you have to do my variable a sine equals Assign that to be my variable times two, right? So if I want to actually change the label so that in the future I could just refer to it by city names. Now the label is city name That makes sense. So I'm gonna relabel city name and survivors to number alive. What's the problem? Invalid labels column Labels must already exist in table in order to be replaced. City doesn't exist because here I already replaced city with city name. Right. There is no there is no city anymore, right? So in other words, I don't really need that If I want to re label survivors as number alive. I could do that, but again, I already changed. It's the same problem. It's not actually changing the labels of mean art. It's just doing the change, showing me what the change would look like. But the underlying table doesn't get changed unless I save it as Minard, this can be sometimes annoying because they're always having, like, re saved. But in other times, it's really useful because you could just sort of see how something changes without actually messing up the data that you have. So in general, I think it's it's a good thing. Okay, so some other functions that are useful picking out a column, right? What cities did they go to? Right? DOC COLUMN Does this, And another way to do it is, rather than giving it in the name of the column you can, given the index of the column so mean are dot labels tells you that the first column is Longitude. The second column is Latitude, the third columnist City name. Right so I could ask for the column. City name. What contents are there and remember, it's an array, right? The columns are a raise because everything has the same type. Um, but an equivalent way to do this would just give the index of this column. So, just like with the Rays, labels, start counting at 0012 So I could do column, too. And pull that out. Be careful when you use the number, because sometimes you like, remove a column or at a column, and the number gets changed. But if you add or remove a column, you can still always access The city's in this way, right? But if you add or remove a column than calm to my actually turn into column three or something, so it's a little safer to use the the name rather than the index. And another reason I like doing this better is it's just easier to tell Your code is doing right if you read me nard dot column City name It's clear that you're asking for the city's, but if you read Minard dot column to, you have to be like Wait, what were the labels and which one was Index to its more sort of processing. You have to do to figure out what your code means so you can access one particular element of the table by pulling out a column. And then that column is an array and pulling out a row by doing dot item. So if I do column city name items zero. That's giving me the very first city that's in my table, right? That item is for a raise. You can also, uh, select which rather it's kind of like, uh, choosing a column. But you couldn't give multiple columns and it'll give back a table. Okay, we'll stop there, and I'll see you guys next time. This'll has been a U. C. San Diego podcast for more visit podcast at UCSD got CTU."}],"items":[{"start_time":"0.14","end_time":"0.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8071","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"0.2","end_time":"2.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5219","content":"owe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2.66","end_time":"3.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3821","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.19","end_time":"3.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3061","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.34","end_time":"3.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5224","content":"listening"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.7","end_time":"3.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3.97","end_time":"4.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.2","end_time":"4.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8619","content":"UC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.7","end_time":"4.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4.93","end_time":"5.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"5.28","end_time":"6.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"6.29","end_time":"6.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"6.48","end_time":"6.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"6.55","end_time":"6.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"6.81","end_time":"7.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"opportunity"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"7.41","end_time":"7.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"7.86","end_time":"8.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"8.46","end_time":"8.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"8.98","end_time":"9.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"11.12","end_time":"11.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9183","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"11.84","end_time":"12.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"12.06","end_time":"12.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"12.48","end_time":"12.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"12.64","end_time":"13.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"13.15","end_time":"13.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"13.36","end_time":"13.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"13.59","end_time":"14.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"sequences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"14.92","end_time":"15.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8462","content":"We'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"15.29","end_time":"15.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"15.54","end_time":"15.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"15.68","end_time":"15.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9086","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"15.74","end_time":"16.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"17.21","end_time":"17.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9805","content":"recap"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"18.12","end_time":"18.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8143","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"18.31","end_time":"18.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"18.76","end_time":"18.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"18.85","end_time":"19.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.04","end_time":"19.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5788","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.13","end_time":"19.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.24","end_time":"19.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9312","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.36","end_time":"19.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.57","end_time":"19.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"19.74","end_time":"20.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"20.21","end_time":"20.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"20.59","end_time":"20.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"20.75","end_time":"21.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.02","end_time":"21.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.17","end_time":"21.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.27","end_time":"21.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.36","end_time":"21.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.55","end_time":"21.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"21.75","end_time":"22.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"22.64","end_time":"22.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"22.98","end_time":"23.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"announcements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"25.48","end_time":"25.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"25.91","end_time":"26.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"26.31","end_time":"26.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"27.91","end_time":"28.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.13","end_time":"28.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"due"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.29","end_time":"28.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"28.47","end_time":"28.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Friday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"28.88","end_time":"29.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.01","end_time":"29.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.08","end_time":"29.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.36","end_time":"29.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.66","end_time":"29.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.78","end_time":"29.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"due"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"29.91","end_time":"30.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"30.05","end_time":"30.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Monday"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"31.12","end_time":"31.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"Remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"31.69","end_time":"31.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"31.83","end_time":"32.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9385","content":"labs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.21","end_time":"32.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.3","end_time":"32.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.46","end_time":"32.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.57","end_time":"32.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.84","end_time":"32.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"32.97","end_time":"33.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.1","end_time":"33.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.28","end_time":"33.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"33.57","end_time":"33.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9206","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"33.75","end_time":"34.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7026","content":"Homeworks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"34.18","end_time":"34.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.26","end_time":"34.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6799","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.42","end_time":"34.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.6","end_time":"34.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.74","end_time":"34.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"34.8","end_time":"35.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.22","end_time":"35.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.5","end_time":"35.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7014","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"35.76","end_time":"36.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9655","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"36.34","end_time":"36.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"36.51","end_time":"36.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"model"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"36.81","end_time":"36.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"36.95","end_time":"37.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"37.0","end_time":"37.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"discussed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"37.42","end_time":"37.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"37.52","end_time":"37.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"37.62","end_time":"37.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"37.89","end_time":"38.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"38.26","end_time":"38.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.43","end_time":"38.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.56","end_time":"38.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"38.72","end_time":"39.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.01","end_time":"39.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"found"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.19","end_time":"39.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.24","end_time":"39.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.311","content":"Hallmark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.56","end_time":"39.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"partner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.87","end_time":"39.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"39.97","end_time":"40.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.09","end_time":"40.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"40.62","end_time":"40.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7679","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"40.82","end_time":"41.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7382","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"41.49","end_time":"41.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.66","end_time":"41.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"41.75","end_time":"42.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"connect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"42.11","end_time":"42.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"42.24","end_time":"42.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"someone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"42.57","end_time":"42.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7647","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"42.84","end_time":"43.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7977","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"43.13","end_time":"43.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.46","end_time":"43.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.61","end_time":"43.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9124","content":"Fiat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"43.95","end_time":"44.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6236","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"44.05","end_time":"44.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"44.16","end_time":"44.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"44.31","end_time":"44.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.04","end_time":"45.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"45.6","end_time":"46.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.07","end_time":"46.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8421","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"46.23","end_time":"46.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6608","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.44","end_time":"46.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.57","end_time":"46.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"46.63","end_time":"47.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.02","end_time":"47.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"service"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"47.5","end_time":"47.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9272","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"47.74","end_time":"47.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"47.96","end_time":"48.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9837","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"48.12","end_time":"48.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"post"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"48.43","end_time":"48.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"48.66","end_time":"49.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yourself"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"49.19","end_time":"49.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"49.35","end_time":"49.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"49.49","end_time":"49.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"someone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"49.84","end_time":"50.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"responds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.51","end_time":"50.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.63","end_time":"50.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.73","end_time":"50.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9198","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.91","end_time":"50.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9195","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"50.97","end_time":"51.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.15","end_time":"51.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.28","end_time":"51.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.39","end_time":"51.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.53","end_time":"51.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"51.62","end_time":"52.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9438","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"52.88","end_time":"53.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.08","end_time":"53.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.19","end_time":"53.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.36","end_time":"53.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.53","end_time":"53.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"53.96","end_time":"54.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"54.14","end_time":"54.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"54.24","end_time":"54.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"55.03","end_time":"55.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8531","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"56.64","end_time":"57.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.04","end_time":"57.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.34","end_time":"57.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.5","end_time":"57.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"57.64","end_time":"58.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.22","end_time":"58.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.41","end_time":"58.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"58.86","end_time":"59.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9027","content":"versus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.21","end_time":"59.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6814","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.27","end_time":"59.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9767","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.7","end_time":"59.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.8","end_time":"59.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"59.89","end_time":"60.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.11","end_time":"60.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.26","end_time":"60.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.68","end_time":"60.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.504","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.8","end_time":"60.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"60.88","end_time":"61.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.04","end_time":"61.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.21","end_time":"61.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8199","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.36","end_time":"61.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"scored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.76","end_time":"61.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9654","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.85","end_time":"61.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"61.92","end_time":"62.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.11","end_time":"62.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.24","end_time":"62.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"62.81","end_time":"62.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"62.96","end_time":"63.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4687","content":"lab's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"63.35","end_time":"63.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7123","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"63.5","end_time":"63.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"63.75","end_time":"64.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.14","end_time":"64.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.32","end_time":"64.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.52","end_time":"64.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.6","end_time":"64.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4421","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"64.75","end_time":"64.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.0","end_time":"65.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.28","end_time":"65.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.69","end_time":"65.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"65.81","end_time":"66.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"66.52","end_time":"66.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.77","end_time":"66.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"66.87","end_time":"67.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"67.14","end_time":"67.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"67.41","end_time":"68.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"100%"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.14","end_time":"68.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.25","end_time":"68.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.33","end_time":"68.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.63","end_time":"68.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"68.7","end_time":"69.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.11","end_time":"69.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.2","end_time":"69.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.31","end_time":"69.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"69.51","end_time":"70.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996499999999999","content":"100%"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.49","end_time":"70.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.76","end_time":"70.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"70.85","end_time":"71.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"71.6","end_time":"71.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"71.81","end_time":"71.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"71.98","end_time":"72.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.08","end_time":"72.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.23","end_time":"72.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.32","end_time":"72.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.47","end_time":"72.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.56","end_time":"72.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"72.95","end_time":"73.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"73.15","end_time":"73.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.57","end_time":"73.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"73.8","end_time":"74.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5711","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"74.2","end_time":"74.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"74.45","end_time":"74.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"74.86","end_time":"75.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6385","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"75.82","end_time":"76.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"76.03","end_time":"76.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"76.58","end_time":"76.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Since"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"76.86","end_time":"77.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.09","end_time":"77.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.29","end_time":"77.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.59","end_time":"77.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"77.71","end_time":"78.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"78.26","end_time":"78.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"78.5","end_time":"78.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.67","end_time":"78.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"78.86","end_time":"79.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9631","content":"coding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.19","end_time":"79.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.67","end_time":"79.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"79.82","end_time":"80.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.04","end_time":"80.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.11","end_time":"80.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9526","content":"summary"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.51","end_time":"80.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"80.61","end_time":"81.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"81.52","end_time":"81.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"81.74","end_time":"81.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"81.91","end_time":"82.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.02","end_time":"82.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.32","end_time":"82.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.45","end_time":"82.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8815","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.6","end_time":"82.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5239","content":"rector"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"82.86","end_time":"83.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8655","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"83.06","end_time":"83.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"83.38","end_time":"83.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"84.11","end_time":"84.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"84.36","end_time":"84.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"84.53","end_time":"84.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9646","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"84.87","end_time":"85.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9646","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.02","end_time":"85.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8356","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.2","end_time":"85.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6878","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.75","end_time":"85.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"85.97","end_time":"86.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.18","end_time":"86.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.43","end_time":"86.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.63","end_time":"86.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"86.75","end_time":"87.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5467","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.18","end_time":"87.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.47","end_time":"87.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"87.88","end_time":"88.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.08","end_time":"88.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"88.18","end_time":"88.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9787","content":"cell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"89.4","end_time":"89.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.65","end_time":"89.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"89.77","end_time":"90.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.12","end_time":"90.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"90.33","end_time":"91.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9561","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.16","end_time":"91.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6952","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.26","end_time":"91.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"download"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.83","end_time":"91.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"91.87","end_time":"92.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"92.27","end_time":"92.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"92.44","end_time":"92.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"92.68","end_time":"93.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9797","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.18","end_time":"93.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.34","end_time":"93.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"93.4","end_time":"94.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"PdF"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.44","end_time":"94.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"94.69","end_time":"95.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.538","content":"upload"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.03","end_time":"95.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.547","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.12","end_time":"95.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.21","end_time":"95.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9852","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"95.58","end_time":"95.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5938","content":"scope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"95.91","end_time":"96.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7891","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.08","end_time":"96.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9636","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.33","end_time":"96.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"scope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.58","end_time":"96.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.72","end_time":"96.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"96.81","end_time":"97.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9751","content":"site"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.16","end_time":"97.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.39","end_time":"97.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.51","end_time":"97.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.75","end_time":"97.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"97.83","end_time":"98.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"manual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"98.27","end_time":"99.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"99.32","end_time":"99.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"99.57","end_time":"100.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"100.15","end_time":"100.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"100.49","end_time":"100.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ended"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"100.76","end_time":"101.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"101.31","end_time":"101.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.42","end_time":"101.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.65","end_time":"101.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.85","end_time":"101.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"101.99","end_time":"102.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"103.22","end_time":"103.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9261","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.4","end_time":"103.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.5","end_time":"103.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"103.75","end_time":"104.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.07","end_time":"104.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.53","end_time":"104.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"104.66","end_time":"105.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"automatically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"105.28","end_time":"105.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9463","content":"grated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"105.69","end_time":"106.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"106.05","end_time":"106.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"107.27","end_time":"107.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.54","end_time":"107.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"107.66","end_time":"108.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6867","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.0","end_time":"108.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.14","end_time":"108.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.26","end_time":"108.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9221","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.53","end_time":"108.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9608","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.61","end_time":"108.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7992","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"108.85","end_time":"109.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correctness"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.3","end_time":"109.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.41","end_time":"109.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"109.5","end_time":"110.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9693","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.11","end_time":"110.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.45","end_time":"110.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.77","end_time":"110.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"110.88","end_time":"111.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"111.18","end_time":"111.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"111.32","end_time":"111.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"111.42","end_time":"111.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4996","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"111.72","end_time":"111.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"111.86","end_time":"112.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.26","end_time":"112.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appearing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.76","end_time":"112.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.87","end_time":"112.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"112.94","end_time":"113.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.64","end_time":"113.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"113.85","end_time":"114.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"114.2","end_time":"114.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.3","end_time":"114.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.58","end_time":"114.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"114.71","end_time":"115.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.02","end_time":"115.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.12","end_time":"115.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.21","end_time":"115.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.63","end_time":"115.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8808","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"115.86","end_time":"116.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9289","content":"Really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"116.11","end_time":"116.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"116.44","end_time":"116.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"116.8","end_time":"116.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"116.97","end_time":"117.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"117.09","end_time":"117.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"117.21","end_time":"117.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8685","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"117.46","end_time":"117.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"118.13","end_time":"118.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"118.57","end_time":"118.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.67","end_time":"118.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"118.81","end_time":"119.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"119.14","end_time":"119.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.26","end_time":"119.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.52","end_time":"119.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.62","end_time":"119.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"days"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.88","end_time":"119.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"119.99","end_time":"120.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"120.05","end_time":"120.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"year"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"120.74","end_time":"121.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9795","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"121.07","end_time":"121.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.2","end_time":"121.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.33","end_time":"121.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.6","end_time":"121.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.8","end_time":"121.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"121.91","end_time":"122.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"122.15","end_time":"122.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"122.26","end_time":"122.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"122.69","end_time":"122.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"122.91","end_time":"123.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.33","end_time":"123.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.41","end_time":"123.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"positive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"123.99","end_time":"124.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.03","end_time":"125.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7906","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.3","end_time":"125.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.41","end_time":"125.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"125.62","end_time":"126.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"positive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.11","end_time":"126.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.49","end_time":"126.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.62","end_time":"126.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"126.92","end_time":"127.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"127.01","end_time":"127.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"127.32","end_time":"127.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"127.4","end_time":"127.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"127.48","end_time":"128.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"128.36","end_time":"128.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.06","end_time":"129.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9292","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.45","end_time":"129.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6264","content":"Lee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.57","end_time":"129.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8642","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.64","end_time":"129.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.71","end_time":"129.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"129.98","end_time":"131.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"365"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.11","end_time":"131.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.26","end_time":"131.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.43","end_time":"131.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"credit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.74","end_time":"131.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.86","end_time":"131.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"131.94","end_time":"132.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"133.15","end_time":"133.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8412","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.38","end_time":"133.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.49","end_time":"133.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7407","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"133.86","end_time":"133.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"133.94","end_time":"134.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"correctness"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"134.4","end_time":"134.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.777","content":"tests"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"134.66","end_time":"134.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6771","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"134.72","end_time":"134.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"134.91","end_time":"134.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"135.0","end_time":"135.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8658","content":"hidden"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"135.28","end_time":"135.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8155","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"135.41","end_time":"135.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"135.52","end_time":"135.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"136.42","end_time":"136.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"136.68","end_time":"136.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"136.81","end_time":"137.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"submit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"137.21","end_time":"137.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"137.32","end_time":"137.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6419","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"137.63","end_time":"138.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"scope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"138.58","end_time":"138.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"138.81","end_time":"139.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"139.01","end_time":"139.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9783","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"139.42","end_time":"140.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9292","content":"youto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"140.74","end_time":"141.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"select"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.62","end_time":"141.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"141.82","end_time":"142.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"page"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"142.28","end_time":"142.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"142.45","end_time":"143.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"corresponds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.21","end_time":"143.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.33","end_time":"143.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.65","end_time":"143.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"143.96","end_time":"144.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"144.09","end_time":"144.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"written"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"144.34","end_time":"145.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"145.46","end_time":"145.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9576","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"145.83","end_time":"146.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.09","end_time":"146.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"please"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.39","end_time":"146.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.6","end_time":"146.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"146.87","end_time":"147.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"147.02","end_time":"147.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"147.22","end_time":"147.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"147.9","end_time":"148.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"staff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"148.33","end_time":"148.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"148.58","end_time":"148.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"148.73","end_time":"148.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"148.83","end_time":"149.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"149.0","end_time":"149.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scroll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"149.43","end_time":"149.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"149.64","end_time":"149.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"20"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"149.92","end_time":"150.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"150.34","end_time":"150.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"150.5","end_time":"150.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"151.07","end_time":"151.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"151.24","end_time":"151.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"151.36","end_time":"151.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"pdf"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"151.9","end_time":"152.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.06","end_time":"152.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.38","end_time":"152.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"152.5","end_time":"153.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"153.27","end_time":"153.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.43","end_time":"153.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.54","end_time":"153.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.72","end_time":"153.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"153.78","end_time":"154.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"matching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.21","end_time":"154.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"process"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.69","end_time":"154.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.8","end_time":"154.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"154.94","end_time":"155.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.43","end_time":"155.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.57","end_time":"155.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"155.93","end_time":"156.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.886","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"156.0","end_time":"156.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"156.39","end_time":"156.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"156.66","end_time":"156.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"falls"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"156.93","end_time":"157.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.06","end_time":"157.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"page"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.38","end_time":"157.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"157.65","end_time":"157.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"My"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"157.74","end_time":"158.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.08","end_time":"158.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9538","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.16","end_time":"158.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.57","end_time":"158.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7087","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"158.94","end_time":"159.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"falls"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.27","end_time":"159.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.39","end_time":"159.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"page"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"159.65","end_time":"160.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"160.38","end_time":"160.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"161.04","end_time":"161.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9355","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"161.54","end_time":"161.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"161.79","end_time":"162.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"please"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"162.06","end_time":"162.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"162.2","end_time":"162.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"163.04","end_time":"163.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"163.28","end_time":"163.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"163.61","end_time":"164.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9555","content":"programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"164.02","end_time":"164.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9669","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"164.36","end_time":"164.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"session"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"164.76","end_time":"164.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"164.89","end_time":"165.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9511","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"165.01","end_time":"165.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9511","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"165.07","end_time":"165.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"165.2","end_time":"165.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tonight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"165.74","end_time":"165.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"165.94","end_time":"166.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"either"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.13","end_time":"166.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.28","end_time":"166.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.54","end_time":"166.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.63","end_time":"166.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"6"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"166.94","end_time":"167.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9501","content":"p.m."}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"167.83","end_time":"168.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"168.07","end_time":"168.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"168.28","end_time":"168.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8206","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"168.5","end_time":"168.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7818","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"168.6","end_time":"168.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"168.76","end_time":"169.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"170.11","end_time":"170.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.36","end_time":"170.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"170.53","end_time":"171.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mistake"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"171.01","end_time":"171.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6334","content":"Be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"171.2","end_time":"171.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6228","content":"2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"171.47","end_time":"172.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"172.84","end_time":"173.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Thankfully"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"173.37","end_time":"173.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"173.56","end_time":"173.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"174.1","end_time":"174.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"editable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"176.34","end_time":"176.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7966","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"176.43","end_time":"176.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9563","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"177.74","end_time":"178.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9416","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"178.37","end_time":"178.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"178.51","end_time":"178.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"materials"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"178.99","end_time":"179.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.12","end_time":"179.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.24","end_time":"179.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8697","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.37","end_time":"179.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8697","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.44","end_time":"179.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.71","end_time":"179.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.82","end_time":"179.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"179.98","end_time":"180.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9618","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.05","end_time":"180.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.41","end_time":"180.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"180.54","end_time":"180.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"Piazza"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"180.99","end_time":"181.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"181.16","end_time":"181.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"181.33","end_time":"181.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"181.54","end_time":"181.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"181.67","end_time":"182.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7302","content":"tutors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"182.71","end_time":"183.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"185.09","end_time":"185.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4896","content":"Wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"191.19","end_time":"191.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"191.95","end_time":"192.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"192.74","end_time":"193.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.02","end_time":"193.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.18","end_time":"193.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.48","end_time":"193.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.67","end_time":"193.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9704","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"193.87","end_time":"194.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"scope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.09","end_time":"194.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.18","end_time":"194.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"grade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.4","end_time":"194.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9666","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.5","end_time":"194.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"written"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"194.72","end_time":"195.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"195.74","end_time":"196.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"196.67","end_time":"196.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"196.91","end_time":"197.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"197.02","end_time":"197.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"197.15","end_time":"197.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"197.27","end_time":"197.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9756","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"197.63","end_time":"198.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"scores"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"198.0","end_time":"198.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"198.84","end_time":"199.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.01","end_time":"199.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.14","end_time":"199.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"getting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.39","end_time":"199.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.68","end_time":"199.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"199.91","end_time":"200.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"200.12","end_time":"200.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.23","end_time":"200.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.37","end_time":"200.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.49","end_time":"200.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.64","end_time":"200.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"200.74","end_time":"201.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"201.1","end_time":"201.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9776","content":"You'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.32","end_time":"201.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.5","end_time":"201.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"201.55","end_time":"202.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9775","content":"separate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.0","end_time":"202.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9059","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.36","end_time":"202.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"score"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.64","end_time":"202.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"202.83","end_time":"203.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7657","content":"great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.1","end_time":"203.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"scope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"203.41","end_time":"203.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.56","end_time":"203.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"203.7","end_time":"203.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"203.93","end_time":"204.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.13","end_time":"204.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.35","end_time":"204.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.43","end_time":"204.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.56","end_time":"204.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.7","end_time":"204.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"204.8","end_time":"205.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"written"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"205.05","end_time":"205.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"portion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"205.82","end_time":"205.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"205.97","end_time":"206.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6109","content":"he'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.11","end_time":"206.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.29","end_time":"206.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9084","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"206.42","end_time":"206.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5344","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"206.65","end_time":"206.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9576","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"206.99","end_time":"207.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"score"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"207.25","end_time":"207.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"207.46","end_time":"208.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5486","content":"OK"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"208.29","end_time":"208.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.46","end_time":"208.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.56","end_time":"208.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.67","end_time":"208.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.79","end_time":"208.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"208.92","end_time":"209.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"209.02","end_time":"209.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"209.1","end_time":"209.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"209.37","end_time":"209.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"209.45","end_time":"209.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"209.87","end_time":"209.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"209.99","end_time":"210.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"210.09","end_time":"210.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"210.27","end_time":"210.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"210.51","end_time":"210.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"210.63","end_time":"210.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9409","content":"scores"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"210.97","end_time":"211.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"217.44","end_time":"217.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"217.79","end_time":"218.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.322","content":"scope"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"218.01","end_time":"218.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9649","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.1","end_time":"218.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9104","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.36","end_time":"218.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9033","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.5","end_time":"218.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"218.96","end_time":"219.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9243","content":"resubmit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"219.54","end_time":"219.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"219.66","end_time":"219.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"219.89","end_time":"220.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"overwrite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"220.76","end_time":"221.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8807","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"221.26","end_time":"221.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"221.61","end_time":"222.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"usually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.01","end_time":"222.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.28","end_time":"222.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.49","end_time":"222.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.61","end_time":"222.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"222.69","end_time":"223.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9528","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"223.14","end_time":"223.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9683","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"224.44","end_time":"224.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9343","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"224.83","end_time":"225.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"225.03","end_time":"225.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6669","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"226.4","end_time":"226.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"228.04","end_time":"228.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6884","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.41","end_time":"231.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9484","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"231.74","end_time":"231.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"231.84","end_time":"232.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.21","end_time":"232.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"232.52","end_time":"232.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"233.24","end_time":"233.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"233.45","end_time":"233.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"233.54","end_time":"234.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"style"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.07","end_time":"234.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.16","end_time":"234.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.3","end_time":"234.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9498","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"234.76","end_time":"234.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9323","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"234.86","end_time":"235.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"235.33","end_time":"235.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7431","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"235.65","end_time":"236.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"236.04","end_time":"236.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"236.6","end_time":"236.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"Are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"236.73","end_time":"236.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"236.87","end_time":"237.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7769","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.07","end_time":"237.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.16","end_time":"237.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.24","end_time":"237.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"237.45","end_time":"237.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"243.14","end_time":"243.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7025","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"243.94","end_time":"244.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3145","content":"Your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"244.08","end_time":"244.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"244.4","end_time":"244.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2939","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"244.55","end_time":"244.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8167","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"246.58","end_time":"246.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"246.82","end_time":"246.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"246.9","end_time":"246.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"246.99","end_time":"247.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.07","end_time":"247.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.18","end_time":"247.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8703","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.25","end_time":"247.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9656","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.32","end_time":"247.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7025","content":"outputs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"247.68","end_time":"248.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"248.61","end_time":"248.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"248.82","end_time":"248.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9801","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"248.93","end_time":"249.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.14","end_time":"249.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.26","end_time":"249.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.34","end_time":"249.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"249.66","end_time":"249.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.73","end_time":"249.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"249.88","end_time":"250.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.1","end_time":"250.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.26","end_time":"250.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.38","end_time":"250.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.51","end_time":"250.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"250.86","end_time":"251.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.0","end_time":"251.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.12","end_time":"251.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"251.39","end_time":"251.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"252.41","end_time":"252.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.7","end_time":"253.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.9","end_time":"253.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"253.99","end_time":"254.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"254.32","end_time":"254.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"Remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"254.64","end_time":"254.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5091","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"254.86","end_time":"255.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.03","end_time":"255.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.38","end_time":"255.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"255.94","end_time":"256.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.11","end_time":"256.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.28","end_time":"256.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seconds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.7","end_time":"256.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.78","end_time":"256.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"256.85","end_time":"257.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decade"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"257.38","end_time":"257.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8702","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"258.35","end_time":"258.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.7","end_time":"258.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"258.92","end_time":"259.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.01","end_time":"259.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.25","end_time":"259.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.36","end_time":"259.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"hints"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.82","end_time":"259.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"259.96","end_time":"260.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"260.5","end_time":"261.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"formatting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.12","end_time":"261.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"261.41","end_time":"261.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"Kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.59","end_time":"261.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.65","end_time":"261.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"261.84","end_time":"262.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.07","end_time":"262.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.21","end_time":"262.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"262.35","end_time":"262.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.46","end_time":"262.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"262.82","end_time":"263.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.5","end_time":"263.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"263.88","end_time":"264.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.02","end_time":"264.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.11","end_time":"264.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9346","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"264.65","end_time":"264.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8863","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.75","end_time":"264.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"264.85","end_time":"265.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.04","end_time":"265.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.47","end_time":"265.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.59","end_time":"265.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"matter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"265.89","end_time":"266.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"266.07","end_time":"266.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"266.16","end_time":"266.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"267.84","end_time":"267.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5472","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.64","end_time":"269.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8034","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"269.91","end_time":"270.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6118","content":"Lee"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.01","end_time":"270.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9689","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.1","end_time":"270.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.2","end_time":"270.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"270.7","end_time":"270.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.84","end_time":"270.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"270.94","end_time":"271.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"271.4","end_time":"271.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"271.6","end_time":"271.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"271.7","end_time":"272.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"pass"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"272.4","end_time":"272.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"272.73","end_time":"273.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"test"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.13","end_time":"273.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.28","end_time":"273.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.36","end_time":"273.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"273.81","end_time":"273.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"273.9","end_time":"274.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"274.18","end_time":"274.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"274.3","end_time":"274.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"274.39","end_time":"274.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6513","content":"gotta"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"274.62","end_time":"274.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6215","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"275.42","end_time":"275.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"275.96","end_time":"276.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"276.11","end_time":"276.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"276.2","end_time":"276.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"276.3","end_time":"276.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"277.64","end_time":"277.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7887","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"278.49","end_time":"278.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"278.71","end_time":"279.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"281.41","end_time":"281.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9419","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"281.52","end_time":"281.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9447","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"282.84","end_time":"282.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"To"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"282.98","end_time":"283.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.34","end_time":"285.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"285.56","end_time":"285.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.8","end_time":"285.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"285.98","end_time":"286.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.09","end_time":"286.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.31","end_time":"286.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"learned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.51","end_time":"286.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.58","end_time":"286.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"286.79","end_time":"287.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"287.21","end_time":"287.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"287.33","end_time":"287.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"288.44","end_time":"289.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"289.15","end_time":"290.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"290.74","end_time":"291.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.43","end_time":"291.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.68","end_time":"291.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"291.96","end_time":"292.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.14","end_time":"292.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"292.84","end_time":"293.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.03","end_time":"293.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.53","end_time":"293.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"293.91","end_time":"294.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.27","end_time":"294.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"294.84","end_time":"295.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.04","end_time":"295.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.12","end_time":"295.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"295.49","end_time":"296.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"296.79","end_time":"297.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9786","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"297.18","end_time":"297.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"297.37","end_time":"297.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"297.73","end_time":"298.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.05","end_time":"298.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"main"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.32","end_time":"298.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"298.58","end_time":"299.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.05","end_time":"299.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.42","end_time":"299.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9354","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"299.54","end_time":"300.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"intruders"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.15","end_time":"300.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"float"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.56","end_time":"300.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"300.73","end_time":"301.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"301.16","end_time":"301.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"301.42","end_time":"301.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"301.99","end_time":"302.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"302.24","end_time":"302.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"302.93","end_time":"303.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"303.13","end_time":"303.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"pieces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"303.45","end_time":"303.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"303.57","end_time":"304.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"text"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"304.34","end_time":"304.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"304.51","end_time":"304.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"304.6","end_time":"304.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"learned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"304.8","end_time":"305.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.1","end_time":"305.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.33","end_time":"305.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.46","end_time":"305.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"305.63","end_time":"306.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"306.14","end_time":"306.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"306.48","end_time":"306.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"306.67","end_time":"306.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"306.95","end_time":"307.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"308.24","end_time":"309.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.07","end_time":"309.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.26","end_time":"309.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.39","end_time":"309.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.68","end_time":"309.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"309.82","end_time":"310.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"310.07","end_time":"310.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"310.24","end_time":"310.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"310.53","end_time":"311.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9089","content":"review"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"316.64","end_time":"316.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"316.92","end_time":"317.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expression"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.45","end_time":"317.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5793","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.57","end_time":"317.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"317.7","end_time":"318.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"evaluated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"318.22","end_time":"318.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"318.55","end_time":"318.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6905","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"318.66","end_time":"318.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6951","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"329.16","end_time":"329.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"Bc"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"385.96","end_time":"386.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7946","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"386.71","end_time":"387.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"387.17","end_time":"387.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.25","end_time":"387.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.35","end_time":"387.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9464","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.81","end_time":"387.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"387.98","end_time":"388.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"388.12","end_time":"388.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"388.26","end_time":"388.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"388.85","end_time":"389.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.07","end_time":"389.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.24","end_time":"389.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.51","end_time":"389.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.66","end_time":"389.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.83","end_time":"389.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"389.96","end_time":"390.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"390.08","end_time":"390.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"398.85","end_time":"399.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9124","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.32","end_time":"399.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.905","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"399.52","end_time":"399.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8979","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"401.34","end_time":"401.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5087","content":"d"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"401.59","end_time":"401.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"401.72","end_time":"401.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"401.95","end_time":"402.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"popular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"405.28","end_time":"405.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7899","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"405.54","end_time":"405.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"405.69","end_time":"405.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"405.93","end_time":"406.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"406.09","end_time":"406.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"408.04","end_time":"408.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6759","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"408.35","end_time":"408.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9288","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"408.49","end_time":"408.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"408.61","end_time":"409.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"409.48","end_time":"409.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8533","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"409.83","end_time":"410.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.02","end_time":"410.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"y"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.31","end_time":"410.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.46","end_time":"410.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"410.64","end_time":"410.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"410.73","end_time":"411.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"defining"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.17","end_time":"411.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9793","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.29","end_time":"411.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"411.83","end_time":"411.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"411.94","end_time":"412.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"412.01","end_time":"412.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"412.23","end_time":"412.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"412.39","end_time":"412.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"412.67","end_time":"412.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"412.77","end_time":"412.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"putting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"412.98","end_time":"413.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.32","end_time":"413.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"413.65","end_time":"413.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"414.25","end_time":"414.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"414.5","end_time":"414.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.61","end_time":"414.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"414.77","end_time":"415.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.0","end_time":"415.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.16","end_time":"415.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"415.95","end_time":"416.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"416.36","end_time":"416.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"416.62","end_time":"416.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"416.82","end_time":"417.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"417.22","end_time":"417.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9275","content":"numerical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"417.99","end_time":"418.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.57","end_time":"418.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.72","end_time":"418.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"418.79","end_time":"419.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"419.04","end_time":"419.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"419.17","end_time":"419.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"howto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"419.63","end_time":"419.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"419.91","end_time":"420.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.06","end_time":"420.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"fall"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.44","end_time":"420.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8097","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.5","end_time":"420.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9739","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.54","end_time":"420.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"420.87","end_time":"421.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"421.21","end_time":"421.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"421.32","end_time":"421.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"421.83","end_time":"421.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9522","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"421.91","end_time":"422.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9565","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"422.42","end_time":"422.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"knows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"422.72","end_time":"422.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"422.92","end_time":"423.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9872","content":"characters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.43","end_time":"423.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8879","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.57","end_time":"423.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.8","end_time":"423.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"423.96","end_time":"424.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"425.5","end_time":"425.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"425.83","end_time":"426.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"x"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"426.19","end_time":"426.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"426.55","end_time":"427.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5747","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.05","end_time":"427.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.28","end_time":"427.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.51","end_time":"427.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.57","end_time":"427.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"427.95","end_time":"428.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6132","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"428.3","end_time":"428.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"428.7","end_time":"429.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"429.01","end_time":"429.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"429.09","end_time":"429.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"430.53","end_time":"430.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"431.16","end_time":"431.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"431.42","end_time":"431.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8627","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"431.74","end_time":"431.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"431.94","end_time":"432.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.11","end_time":"432.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.21","end_time":"432.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.29","end_time":"432.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.61","end_time":"432.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.83","end_time":"432.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"432.94","end_time":"433.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9232","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"433.26","end_time":"433.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"433.8","end_time":"433.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"433.98","end_time":"434.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7985","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"434.48","end_time":"434.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9658","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"434.64","end_time":"434.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"434.72","end_time":"435.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"435.36","end_time":"435.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9439","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"435.63","end_time":"435.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"435.72","end_time":"436.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"436.04","end_time":"436.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"436.24","end_time":"436.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"436.82","end_time":"437.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.0","end_time":"437.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"437.31","end_time":"437.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chicken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"437.96","end_time":"438.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"438.27","end_time":"438.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.37","end_time":"438.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.56","end_time":"438.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wouldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"438.79","end_time":"439.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"439.0","end_time":"439.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"441.31","end_time":"441.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8734","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"441.54","end_time":"441.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"441.65","end_time":"441.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8222","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"441.84","end_time":"442.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"442.0","end_time":"442.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"445.71","end_time":"446.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"446.22","end_time":"447.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"45.6"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"447.76","end_time":"447.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"447.92","end_time":"448.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"448.02","end_time":"448.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"448.84","end_time":"449.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"449.49","end_time":"450.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.06","end_time":"450.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9178","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.46","end_time":"450.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.665","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"450.91","end_time":"451.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.04","end_time":"451.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.14","end_time":"451.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.48","end_time":"451.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9542","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"451.72","end_time":"452.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"452.19","end_time":"452.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7965","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.29","end_time":"452.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.55","end_time":"452.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9588","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"452.79","end_time":"453.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8177","content":"cat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.13","end_time":"453.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4824","content":"Nate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.35","end_time":"453.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8149","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.56","end_time":"453.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8819","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.64","end_time":"453.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"453.87","end_time":"454.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8699","content":"push"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"454.11","end_time":"454.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"454.25","end_time":"454.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"455.02","end_time":"455.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"455.22","end_time":"455.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"455.33","end_time":"455.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"455.51","end_time":"456.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"456.19","end_time":"456.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Followed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"456.54","end_time":"456.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"456.79","end_time":"457.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"5.6"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"458.26","end_time":"458.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"458.49","end_time":"459.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9793","content":"45.6"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"459.67","end_time":"459.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9396","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"459.85","end_time":"460.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.819","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"460.16","end_time":"460.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"460.51","end_time":"460.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3817","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"461.14","end_time":"461.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"461.35","end_time":"461.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"461.45","end_time":"462.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"462.15","end_time":"462.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trouble"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"462.65","end_time":"463.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"463.2","end_time":"463.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"463.32","end_time":"463.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"463.47","end_time":"463.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"463.57","end_time":"463.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"463.81","end_time":"464.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.72","end_time":"464.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"464.96","end_time":"465.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"465.32","end_time":"465.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"465.53","end_time":"465.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"part"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"466.6","end_time":"466.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"466.83","end_time":"467.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9424","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.18","end_time":"467.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.39","end_time":"467.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.48","end_time":"467.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"467.98","end_time":"468.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"468.17","end_time":"469.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"converting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"470.34","end_time":"472.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"45.6"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"472.01","end_time":"472.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7297","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"472.42","end_time":"472.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5956","content":"Earth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"473.81","end_time":"475.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"45.6"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"475.05","end_time":"475.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9074","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"475.24","end_time":"475.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9759","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"475.34","end_time":"475.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"475.8","end_time":"475.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"475.97","end_time":"476.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9632","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"476.28","end_time":"476.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"476.47","end_time":"476.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"477.53","end_time":"478.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"479.31","end_time":"479.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"479.63","end_time":"479.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"479.73","end_time":"480.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7231","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"480.04","end_time":"480.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7231","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"482.54","end_time":"484.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"45.6"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"484.68","end_time":"484.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"484.94","end_time":"485.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5525","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"485.57","end_time":"485.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5622","content":"Rights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"485.88","end_time":"485.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"485.95","end_time":"486.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8836","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.11","end_time":"486.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.57","end_time":"486.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.66","end_time":"486.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.84","end_time":"486.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"486.89","end_time":"487.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"487.26","end_time":"487.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8696","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"487.42","end_time":"488.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7541","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"488.94","end_time":"489.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"489.17","end_time":"489.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"490.25","end_time":"490.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"490.39","end_time":"490.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"490.56","end_time":"490.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"490.87","end_time":"491.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"491.5","end_time":"492.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7501","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.05","end_time":"492.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.22","end_time":"492.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"492.32","end_time":"492.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"494.69","end_time":"494.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"494.82","end_time":"495.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.13","end_time":"495.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.22","end_time":"495.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"495.62","end_time":"496.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"496.36","end_time":"497.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"498.64","end_time":"498.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"498.86","end_time":"499.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9567","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"499.01","end_time":"499.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9598","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"499.37","end_time":"499.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"500.15","end_time":"500.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"500.37","end_time":"500.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.47","end_time":"500.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.59","end_time":"500.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"500.83","end_time":"501.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"501.48","end_time":"502.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"502.64","end_time":"502.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"502.83","end_time":"502.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"502.95","end_time":"503.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"503.08","end_time":"503.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"504.95","end_time":"505.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8768","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"505.37","end_time":"505.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"505.53","end_time":"505.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"505.72","end_time":"505.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"505.88","end_time":"506.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"506.04","end_time":"506.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"506.64","end_time":"506.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"506.75","end_time":"507.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.791","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.29","end_time":"507.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"507.66","end_time":"508.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6808","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"508.01","end_time":"508.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"508.54","end_time":"509.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"509.15","end_time":"509.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.36","end_time":"509.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.51","end_time":"509.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.69","end_time":"509.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"509.76","end_time":"510.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.04","end_time":"510.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.15","end_time":"510.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.24","end_time":"510.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"510.55","end_time":"510.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"511.44","end_time":"511.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9335","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"511.7","end_time":"511.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"511.78","end_time":"512.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.03","end_time":"512.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.14","end_time":"512.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9522","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.27","end_time":"512.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.55","end_time":"512.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.61","end_time":"512.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.88","end_time":"512.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"512.99","end_time":"513.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6891","content":"interview"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.42","end_time":"513.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.58","end_time":"513.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8222","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"513.63","end_time":"514.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"514.42","end_time":"514.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"514.68","end_time":"514.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9831","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"514.94","end_time":"515.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"515.35","end_time":"516.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"516.34","end_time":"516.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8754","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.5","end_time":"516.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.78","end_time":"516.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"516.84","end_time":"517.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.08","end_time":"517.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.41","end_time":"517.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.61","end_time":"517.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"517.67","end_time":"518.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.19","end_time":"518.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.33","end_time":"518.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.71","end_time":"518.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"518.93","end_time":"519.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"519.01","end_time":"519.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9335","content":"inch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"523.54","end_time":"523.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"523.77","end_time":"523.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"523.85","end_time":"524.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.12","end_time":"524.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.42","end_time":"524.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"524.67","end_time":"524.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.81","end_time":"524.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"524.93","end_time":"525.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interesting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"525.37","end_time":"525.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4523","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"525.51","end_time":"525.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8077","content":"Their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"525.82","end_time":"526.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6861","content":"message"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.14","end_time":"526.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6861","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.26","end_time":"526.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slightly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"526.6","end_time":"527.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"527.47","end_time":"527.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9722","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"528.56","end_time":"528.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"528.69","end_time":"528.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"528.97","end_time":"529.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.1","end_time":"529.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.25","end_time":"529.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"529.46","end_time":"529.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"529.88","end_time":"530.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.02","end_time":"530.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.11","end_time":"530.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.3","end_time":"530.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.4","end_time":"530.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3489","content":"Internet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"530.77","end_time":"531.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6837","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"531.08","end_time":"531.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.18","end_time":"531.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.48","end_time":"531.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"531.73","end_time":"532.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"532.44","end_time":"532.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.55","end_time":"532.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"2nd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"532.89","end_time":"533.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.03","end_time":"533.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"533.16","end_time":"533.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"534.41","end_time":"534.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"534.7","end_time":"535.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"needed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"535.22","end_time":"535.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"535.31","end_time":"535.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"535.52","end_time":"535.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"535.57","end_time":"536.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"536.07","end_time":"536.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"536.31","end_time":"536.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9293","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"536.41","end_time":"536.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5707","content":"ent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"536.94","end_time":"537.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"537.06","end_time":"537.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"537.21","end_time":"537.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expecting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"537.76","end_time":"537.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"537.83","end_time":"538.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.02","end_time":"538.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.09","end_time":"538.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.58","end_time":"538.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.77","end_time":"538.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9481","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"538.94","end_time":"539.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"539.29","end_time":"539.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4503","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"540.01","end_time":"540.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"540.23","end_time":"540.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"540.34","end_time":"540.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"540.78","end_time":"541.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"541.09","end_time":"541.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"541.53","end_time":"541.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"541.66","end_time":"542.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7436","content":"ex"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"542.04","end_time":"542.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"542.28","end_time":"542.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"542.34","end_time":"542.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"543.44","end_time":"543.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"544.05","end_time":"544.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"544.27","end_time":"544.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.474","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"544.38","end_time":"544.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9269","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"544.64","end_time":"545.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.38","end_time":"545.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.49","end_time":"545.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.6","end_time":"545.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9668","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.68","end_time":"545.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8317","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"545.9","end_time":"546.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"546.18","end_time":"546.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"546.89","end_time":"547.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.08","end_time":"547.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.21","end_time":"547.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9709","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.34","end_time":"547.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.66","end_time":"547.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"547.82","end_time":"548.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"548.18","end_time":"548.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"549.24","end_time":"549.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"549.59","end_time":"549.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"549.75","end_time":"549.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"549.86","end_time":"550.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8688","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"550.17","end_time":"550.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"550.42","end_time":"550.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"550.74","end_time":"551.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"551.04","end_time":"551.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.22","end_time":"551.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.48","end_time":"551.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5783","content":"intense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"551.97","end_time":"552.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3005","content":"death"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"552.94","end_time":"553.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.19","end_time":"553.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"553.89","end_time":"554.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9439","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.35","end_time":"554.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.65","end_time":"554.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.77","end_time":"554.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"554.96","end_time":"555.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.19","end_time":"555.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"555.32","end_time":"555.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"557.32","end_time":"557.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"557.73","end_time":"557.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"557.84","end_time":"558.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"558.26","end_time":"558.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"563.58","end_time":"563.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"563.85","end_time":"564.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.0","end_time":"564.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"564.94","end_time":"565.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.16","end_time":"565.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.26","end_time":"565.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.66","end_time":"565.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4771","content":"ex"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"565.88","end_time":"566.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9253","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.01","end_time":"566.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.08","end_time":"566.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"566.54","end_time":"566.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9795","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"566.75","end_time":"567.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.02","end_time":"567.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"String"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.45","end_time":"567.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"567.93","end_time":"568.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"568.07","end_time":"568.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"568.19","end_time":"568.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"568.28","end_time":"568.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"568.47","end_time":"568.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"568.77","end_time":"569.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"569.07","end_time":"569.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8753","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"569.24","end_time":"569.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"569.64","end_time":"569.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"569.8","end_time":"570.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pushing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.16","end_time":"570.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.3","end_time":"570.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"together"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.82","end_time":"570.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7845","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"570.95","end_time":"571.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.679","content":"Captain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"571.29","end_time":"571.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9823","content":"eating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"572.44","end_time":"572.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.892","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"573.0","end_time":"573.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"573.47","end_time":"573.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.513","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"573.58","end_time":"573.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6104","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"575.99","end_time":"576.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9527","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"576.08","end_time":"576.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9581","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"576.29","end_time":"576.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"578.14","end_time":"578.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"579.77","end_time":"579.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"579.93","end_time":"580.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.06","end_time":"580.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.15","end_time":"580.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"review"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.54","end_time":"580.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"580.75","end_time":"581.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.13","end_time":"582.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.31","end_time":"582.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.51","end_time":"582.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.59","end_time":"582.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"582.91","end_time":"583.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.02","end_time":"583.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.21","end_time":"583.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"Programming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"583.71","end_time":"584.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Basics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"584.37","end_time":"584.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"session"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"584.81","end_time":"585.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"today"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"585.51","end_time":"585.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.74","end_time":"585.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8871","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"585.91","end_time":"586.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"586.09","end_time":"586.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"586.33","end_time":"587.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5989","content":"thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"588.56","end_time":"588.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"588.89","end_time":"589.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.02","end_time":"589.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"sequences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.69","end_time":"589.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"589.81","end_time":"590.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.02","end_time":"591.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"591.97","end_time":"592.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"informally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"592.7","end_time":"593.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"593.04","end_time":"593.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"593.15","end_time":"593.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"593.68","end_time":"593.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"593.79","end_time":"594.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.26","end_time":"594.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.41","end_time":"594.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.57","end_time":"594.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"594.63","end_time":"595.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"595.52","end_time":"595.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"595.84","end_time":"596.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.15","end_time":"596.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.48","end_time":"596.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.65","end_time":"596.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"596.91","end_time":"597.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"597.22","end_time":"597.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"597.38","end_time":"597.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"597.61","end_time":"597.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"597.92","end_time":"598.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.05","end_time":"598.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"598.25","end_time":"598.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9785","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.48","end_time":"598.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"598.6","end_time":"599.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.0","end_time":"599.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"599.21","end_time":"599.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"600.42","end_time":"600.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"600.64","end_time":"601.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"601.15","end_time":"601.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.24","end_time":"601.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.5","end_time":"601.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"601.99","end_time":"602.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.18","end_time":"602.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.26","end_time":"602.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"602.53","end_time":"603.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"603.72","end_time":"604.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"meaning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"605.62","end_time":"606.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.36","end_time":"606.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.54","end_time":"606.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.77","end_time":"606.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"606.88","end_time":"607.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.11","end_time":"607.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.27","end_time":"607.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.38","end_time":"607.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"607.59","end_time":"608.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"sequences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.45","end_time":"608.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.59","end_time":"608.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"refer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"608.99","end_time":"609.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"609.08","end_time":"609.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6181","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"609.69","end_time":"610.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.31","end_time":"610.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.48","end_time":"610.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"610.65","end_time":"611.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"612.09","end_time":"612.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"612.39","end_time":"612.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"612.48","end_time":"612.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"612.65","end_time":"612.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"612.86","end_time":"612.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"612.96","end_time":"613.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.08","end_time":"613.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"informally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.75","end_time":"613.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"613.97","end_time":"614.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"614.17","end_time":"614.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"614.23","end_time":"614.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"615.24","end_time":"616.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"616.01","end_time":"616.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"616.46","end_time":"616.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"616.7","end_time":"616.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"616.8","end_time":"617.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"storing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"617.44","end_time":"617.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"617.76","end_time":"618.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"618.23","end_time":"618.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"618.35","end_time":"618.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"618.78","end_time":"618.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"618.92","end_time":"619.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"619.03","end_time":"619.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"619.16","end_time":"619.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"620.54","end_time":"620.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"620.87","end_time":"620.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"620.98","end_time":"621.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"621.09","end_time":"621.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"621.89","end_time":"622.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.04","end_time":"622.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.23","end_time":"622.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.43","end_time":"622.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.48","end_time":"622.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.73","end_time":"622.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"622.82","end_time":"623.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.22","end_time":"623.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.42","end_time":"623.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.67","end_time":"623.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"623.85","end_time":"624.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"624.44","end_time":"624.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"624.63","end_time":"624.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"624.74","end_time":"624.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"624.92","end_time":"625.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.08","end_time":"625.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.15","end_time":"625.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.35","end_time":"625.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.45","end_time":"625.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"625.8","end_time":"626.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"627.3","end_time":"628.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.29","end_time":"629.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8923","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.42","end_time":"629.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7163","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.71","end_time":"629.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4781","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"629.8","end_time":"630.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convenient"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"630.49","end_time":"630.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.78","end_time":"630.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"630.94","end_time":"631.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.04","end_time":"631.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.22","end_time":"631.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.29","end_time":"631.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.83","end_time":"631.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"631.88","end_time":"632.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.12","end_time":"632.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.48","end_time":"632.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"632.85","end_time":"633.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"633.82","end_time":"634.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.0","end_time":"634.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.11","end_time":"634.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.41","end_time":"634.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.58","end_time":"634.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.68","end_time":"634.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"634.79","end_time":"635.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"635.73","end_time":"635.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"635.89","end_time":"636.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"636.02","end_time":"636.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"636.18","end_time":"637.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arithmetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.14","end_time":"637.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7005","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.31","end_time":"637.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"637.55","end_time":"638.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"638.41","end_time":"638.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.58","end_time":"638.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9234","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"638.99","end_time":"639.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.33","end_time":"639.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"element"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.78","end_time":"639.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"639.92","end_time":"640.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"640.08","end_time":"640.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"640.38","end_time":"640.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"640.65","end_time":"640.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"640.73","end_time":"640.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"640.82","end_time":"641.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"641.13","end_time":"641.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"642.19","end_time":"642.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"642.33","end_time":"642.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"642.39","end_time":"642.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"642.48","end_time":"642.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"642.68","end_time":"642.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"642.78","end_time":"643.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.08","end_time":"643.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.19","end_time":"643.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"643.89","end_time":"644.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.05","end_time":"644.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.15","end_time":"644.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8764","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.34","end_time":"644.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8764","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.41","end_time":"644.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"644.71","end_time":"645.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.08","end_time":"645.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8552","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"645.18","end_time":"645.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"646.34","end_time":"646.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"646.46","end_time":"646.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8775","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"646.62","end_time":"646.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"646.9","end_time":"647.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.11","end_time":"647.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.33","end_time":"647.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.56","end_time":"647.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"647.74","end_time":"648.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.02","end_time":"648.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"648.53","end_time":"649.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"649.8","end_time":"650.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"650.33","end_time":"650.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"650.62","end_time":"651.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.08","end_time":"651.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.47","end_time":"651.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9408","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.58","end_time":"651.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"651.93","end_time":"652.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.77","end_time":"652.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"652.97","end_time":"653.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6879","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"653.09","end_time":"653.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"655.34","end_time":"656.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9584","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"656.15","end_time":"656.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.36","end_time":"656.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6694","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.56","end_time":"656.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6949","content":"arrays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.83","end_time":"656.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7837","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"656.97","end_time":"657.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"added"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"657.3","end_time":"657.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.42","end_time":"657.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.65","end_time":"657.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.74","end_time":"657.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"657.95","end_time":"658.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"658.03","end_time":"658.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"658.39","end_time":"659.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"659.83","end_time":"660.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Corresponding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"660.46","end_time":"660.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"elements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"660.85","end_time":"660.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"660.98","end_time":"661.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"added"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.32","end_time":"661.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.44","end_time":"661.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"661.55","end_time":"662.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9276","content":"results"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"662.09","end_time":"662.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9807","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.28","end_time":"662.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.43","end_time":"662.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.55","end_time":"662.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"662.76","end_time":"663.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"examples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.31","end_time":"663.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.44","end_time":"663.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.57","end_time":"663.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.79","end_time":"663.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"663.94","end_time":"664.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"664.02","end_time":"664.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"board"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"665.24","end_time":"665.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"666.54","end_time":"666.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"666.72","end_time":"666.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"666.97","end_time":"667.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.09","end_time":"667.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6375","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"667.19","end_time":"667.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9394","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"668.21","end_time":"668.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"668.51","end_time":"669.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"670.91","end_time":"671.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"vector"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"671.86","end_time":"672.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.02","end_time":"672.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"you've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.19","end_time":"672.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.41","end_time":"672.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.65","end_time":"672.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.83","end_time":"672.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"672.95","end_time":"673.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"674.51","end_time":"674.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"674.78","end_time":"675.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.03","end_time":"675.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.09","end_time":"675.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.55","end_time":"675.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"675.65","end_time":"676.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"676.05","end_time":"676.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.21","end_time":"676.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.31","end_time":"676.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.52","end_time":"676.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.78","end_time":"676.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"676.87","end_time":"677.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8052","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.04","end_time":"677.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5447","content":"drop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.3","end_time":"677.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"677.5","end_time":"677.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"678.32","end_time":"680.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.88935","content":"8762"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"681.02","end_time":"681.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7395","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"681.83","end_time":"681.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"681.99","end_time":"682.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"682.16","end_time":"682.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"682.5","end_time":"682.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"682.77","end_time":"683.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"683.17","end_time":"683.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"684.84","end_time":"685.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"685.29","end_time":"685.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"685.39","end_time":"686.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.17","end_time":"686.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"model"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.6","end_time":"686.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.76","end_time":"686.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"686.87","end_time":"687.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"learned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.11","end_time":"687.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.42","end_time":"687.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"687.68","end_time":"687.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"687.97","end_time":"688.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.2","end_time":"688.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"688.82","end_time":"689.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"689.05","end_time":"689.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"689.45","end_time":"690.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"690.04","end_time":"690.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"690.19","end_time":"690.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.34","end_time":"691.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.5","end_time":"691.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.65","end_time":"691.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.84","end_time":"691.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"691.94","end_time":"692.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8643","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.04","end_time":"692.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7532","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.39","end_time":"692.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"692.58","end_time":"692.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"692.78","end_time":"692.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"692.9","end_time":"693.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.59","end_time":"693.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"693.73","end_time":"694.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"spaces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"694.27","end_time":"694.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9343","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"694.41","end_time":"694.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"memory"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"695.44","end_time":"696.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.05","end_time":"696.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9415","content":"eight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.53","end_time":"696.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.73","end_time":"696.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"696.92","end_time":"697.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seven"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.51","end_time":"697.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.69","end_time":"697.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"697.86","end_time":"698.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.29","end_time":"698.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.42","end_time":"698.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"698.58","end_time":"699.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5619","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"699.64","end_time":"699.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6283","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"699.7","end_time":"699.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7228","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"700.07","end_time":"700.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"700.26","end_time":"700.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"700.42","end_time":"700.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"700.53","end_time":"700.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"700.74","end_time":"701.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.05","end_time":"701.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.23","end_time":"701.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.3","end_time":"701.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.61","end_time":"701.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"701.72","end_time":"702.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"visualize"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"702.4","end_time":"702.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"703.09","end_time":"703.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9327","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"704.19","end_time":"705.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"705.31","end_time":"706.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"706.64","end_time":"706.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"706.93","end_time":"707.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bullet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"707.24","end_time":"707.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7821","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"707.54","end_time":"707.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"708.09","end_time":"708.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"708.33","end_time":"708.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"708.45","end_time":"708.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"708.74","end_time":"709.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arithmetic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"710.28","end_time":"710.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"710.58","end_time":"710.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9769","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"710.78","end_time":"710.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"710.97","end_time":"711.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9336","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"711.24","end_time":"711.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"714.99","end_time":"715.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"715.2","end_time":"715.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9135","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"715.36","end_time":"715.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9135","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"715.44","end_time":"715.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"716.66","end_time":"718.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"9873"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"719.94","end_time":"720.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"720.74","end_time":"720.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"720.93","end_time":"721.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"721.05","end_time":"721.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"721.12","end_time":"721.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"721.45","end_time":"721.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"721.89","end_time":"722.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thinking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"722.23","end_time":"722.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"722.44","end_time":"722.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"722.53","end_time":"722.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"722.74","end_time":"723.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"726.14","end_time":"726.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"726.44","end_time":"726.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9723","content":"night"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"728.74","end_time":"729.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"729.56","end_time":"729.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"729.8","end_time":"729.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"729.95","end_time":"730.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"730.3","end_time":"730.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4947","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"730.6","end_time":"731.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4868","content":"arrays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"731.19","end_time":"731.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"731.32","end_time":"731.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"731.52","end_time":"731.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"731.6","end_time":"731.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"731.8","end_time":"731.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"731.89","end_time":"732.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"732.22","end_time":"732.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"732.72","end_time":"733.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.05","end_time":"733.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.22","end_time":"733.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.33","end_time":"733.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.58","end_time":"733.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.75","end_time":"733.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"733.87","end_time":"734.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.1","end_time":"734.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.19","end_time":"734.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8221","content":"lined"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.53","end_time":"734.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.68","end_time":"734.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.87","end_time":"734.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.678","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"734.97","end_time":"735.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.26","end_time":"735.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.49","end_time":"735.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.57","end_time":"735.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"735.89","end_time":"736.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.02","end_time":"736.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.48","end_time":"736.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.62","end_time":"736.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.7","end_time":"736.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9641","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.86","end_time":"736.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"736.95","end_time":"737.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"2nd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.29","end_time":"737.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7894","content":"2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.42","end_time":"737.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.77","end_time":"737.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9161","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.88","end_time":"737.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"737.99","end_time":"738.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3rd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.25","end_time":"738.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.681","content":"2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.4","end_time":"738.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.81","end_time":"738.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8429","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"738.92","end_time":"739.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.03","end_time":"739.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9303","content":"4th"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.35","end_time":"739.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8225","content":"2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"739.52","end_time":"739.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"740.32","end_time":"740.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8656","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.5","end_time":"741.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.68","end_time":"741.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"741.75","end_time":"742.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.03","end_time":"742.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.22","end_time":"742.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.55","end_time":"742.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.67","end_time":"742.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"742.87","end_time":"743.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"743.04","end_time":"743.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"743.1","end_time":"743.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"mismatch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"744.44","end_time":"744.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3468","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"745.15","end_time":"745.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"745.37","end_time":"745.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"746.44","end_time":"746.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"746.69","end_time":"746.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"746.73","end_time":"747.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.12","end_time":"747.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5496","content":"cases"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"747.52","end_time":"747.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.66","end_time":"747.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.87","end_time":"747.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"747.95","end_time":"748.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"748.11","end_time":"748.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"race"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"748.38","end_time":"748.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"748.59","end_time":"748.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9703","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"748.92","end_time":"749.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"749.62","end_time":"749.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"749.75","end_time":"749.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"749.86","end_time":"750.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"750.08","end_time":"750.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9587","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"750.39","end_time":"750.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"750.64","end_time":"751.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"751.02","end_time":"751.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8674","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"751.34","end_time":"751.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"751.62","end_time":"751.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"751.76","end_time":"752.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"others"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"753.24","end_time":"753.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8236","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"753.7","end_time":"754.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.1","end_time":"754.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.21","end_time":"754.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.35","end_time":"754.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.58","end_time":"754.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"754.65","end_time":"755.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"examples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.19","end_time":"755.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.31","end_time":"755.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.49","end_time":"755.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.71","end_time":"755.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"755.99","end_time":"756.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"756.11","end_time":"756.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"action"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"757.22","end_time":"757.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.48","end_time":"757.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.619","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.67","end_time":"757.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6323","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.79","end_time":"757.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"757.97","end_time":"758.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"758.12","end_time":"758.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7492","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"758.15","end_time":"758.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"couple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"758.54","end_time":"759.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8021","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"759.01","end_time":"759.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"statements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"760.14","end_time":"760.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.64","end_time":"761.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.85","end_time":"761.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6631","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"761.98","end_time":"762.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6631","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"762.05","end_time":"762.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"762.29","end_time":"762.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"762.44","end_time":"762.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"762.63","end_time":"763.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.38","end_time":"763.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.65","end_time":"763.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8298","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"763.81","end_time":"764.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.02","end_time":"764.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"764.84","end_time":"765.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"packages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"765.56","end_time":"766.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.01","end_time":"766.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.1","end_time":"766.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.32","end_time":"766.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.48","end_time":"766.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9645","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.61","end_time":"766.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.79","end_time":"766.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"766.99","end_time":"767.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.07","end_time":"767.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"767.84","end_time":"768.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5738","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.09","end_time":"768.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.26","end_time":"768.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.57","end_time":"768.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"768.93","end_time":"769.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"769.43","end_time":"769.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"769.57","end_time":"769.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"769.72","end_time":"769.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"769.85","end_time":"769.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9711","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"769.94","end_time":"770.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"library"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.45","end_time":"770.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.64","end_time":"770.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"770.82","end_time":"771.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"written"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.27","end_time":"771.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.68","end_time":"771.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"771.87","end_time":"772.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"772.34","end_time":"773.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"Specifically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"773.74","end_time":"773.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"773.91","end_time":"774.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"774.11","end_time":"774.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"774.27","end_time":"774.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"774.34","end_time":"775.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simplified"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"775.05","end_time":"775.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"version"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.02","end_time":"776.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.3","end_time":"776.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"776.49","end_time":"777.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"complicated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"778.01","end_time":"778.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"778.45","end_time":"779.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"processing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"779.01","end_time":"779.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"packages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"780.17","end_time":"780.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.41","end_time":"780.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8615","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.46","end_time":"780.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7178","content":"design"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"780.9","end_time":"781.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.43","end_time":"781.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.81","end_time":"781.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"781.94","end_time":"782.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.21","end_time":"782.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.49","end_time":"782.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"782.67","end_time":"783.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easily"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"784.11","end_time":"784.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"784.95","end_time":"785.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"785.34","end_time":"785.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.66","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"786.05","end_time":"786.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"786.36","end_time":"786.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8774","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"787.43","end_time":"787.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"787.55","end_time":"788.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.4","end_time":"788.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"788.89","end_time":"789.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mostly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.26","end_time":"789.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.64","end_time":"789.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.82","end_time":"789.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6077","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"789.87","end_time":"790.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8457","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"790.34","end_time":"790.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.45","end_time":"790.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.73","end_time":"790.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.84","end_time":"790.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"790.89","end_time":"791.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"791.05","end_time":"791.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"miracle"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"791.57","end_time":"792.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.27","end_time":"792.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7342","content":"numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"792.59","end_time":"792.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6754","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"793.54","end_time":"793.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9331","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.6","end_time":"794.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"794.84","end_time":"795.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.12","end_time":"795.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.35","end_time":"795.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.47","end_time":"795.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9555","content":"learned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.7","end_time":"795.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"795.8","end_time":"796.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.23","end_time":"796.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"796.29","end_time":"796.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.18","end_time":"797.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.35","end_time":"797.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.44","end_time":"797.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"797.79","end_time":"798.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"798.27","end_time":"798.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Waas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"798.95","end_time":"799.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.36","end_time":"799.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.55","end_time":"799.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"799.63","end_time":"799.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9745","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.63","end_time":"800.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.78","end_time":"800.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8864","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"800.86","end_time":"801.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.16","end_time":"801.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.55","end_time":"801.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8284","content":"redid"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"801.87","end_time":"802.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"802.37","end_time":"802.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"803.43","end_time":"803.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6204","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"803.5","end_time":"803.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9543","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"804.09","end_time":"804.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"neither"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.56","end_time":"804.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.66","end_time":"804.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"804.88","end_time":"805.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9785","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.0","end_time":"805.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"805.31","end_time":"805.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"805.68","end_time":"806.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.14","end_time":"806.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.28","end_time":"806.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.37","end_time":"806.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.51","end_time":"806.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.6","end_time":"806.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5851","content":"num"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"806.87","end_time":"807.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5839","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.09","end_time":"807.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7111","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.31","end_time":"807.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"807.66","end_time":"807.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9202","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.79","end_time":"807.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6346","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"807.98","end_time":"808.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.05","end_time":"808.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.29","end_time":"808.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"808.51","end_time":"809.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"standard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"810.19","end_time":"810.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"810.38","end_time":"810.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"810.66","end_time":"810.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"810.94","end_time":"811.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"812.34","end_time":"812.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6702","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"812.99","end_time":"813.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5224","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"813.15","end_time":"813.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6859","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"815.0","end_time":"815.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"815.74","end_time":"815.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"815.92","end_time":"816.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.11","end_time":"816.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.39","end_time":"816.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.63","end_time":"816.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.72","end_time":"816.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"816.93","end_time":"817.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.0","end_time":"817.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.52","end_time":"817.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.66","end_time":"817.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"817.92","end_time":"818.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5413","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"818.12","end_time":"818.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"819.15","end_time":"819.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.28","end_time":"819.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.39","end_time":"819.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.53","end_time":"819.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.63","end_time":"819.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"819.93","end_time":"820.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.04","end_time":"820.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.31","end_time":"820.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.45","end_time":"820.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"820.53","end_time":"821.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"821.01","end_time":"821.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.738","content":"numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"821.39","end_time":"821.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5651","content":"pi"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"822.08","end_time":"822.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"823.44","end_time":"823.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"823.67","end_time":"824.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"824.0","end_time":"824.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"824.1","end_time":"824.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"824.39","end_time":"824.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"824.53","end_time":"824.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"824.64","end_time":"825.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"825.04","end_time":"825.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"825.47","end_time":"825.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6915","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"825.65","end_time":"825.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8144","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"825.87","end_time":"826.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.04","end_time":"826.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.11","end_time":"826.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.31","end_time":"826.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"826.37","end_time":"826.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"827.14","end_time":"827.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"828.03","end_time":"828.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"828.24","end_time":"828.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"828.37","end_time":"828.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"828.74","end_time":"829.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.14","end_time":"830.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.32","end_time":"830.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.49","end_time":"830.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"830.72","end_time":"831.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9653","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"831.28","end_time":"831.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"831.44","end_time":"831.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"831.57","end_time":"831.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.416","content":"Justin"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"831.87","end_time":"832.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"abbreviation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"832.79","end_time":"833.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"833.05","end_time":"833.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"833.34","end_time":"833.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"833.52","end_time":"834.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.01","end_time":"834.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7073","content":"numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.29","end_time":"834.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5966","content":"pi"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"834.63","end_time":"835.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.07","end_time":"835.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.53","end_time":"835.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"835.88","end_time":"836.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.546","content":"Aiken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.17","end_time":"836.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7976","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.49","end_time":"836.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7879","content":"n"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"836.74","end_time":"837.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8043","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.06","end_time":"837.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.3","end_time":"837.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"837.75","end_time":"838.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"838.31","end_time":"838.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.42","end_time":"838.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.61","end_time":"838.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.86","end_time":"838.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"838.97","end_time":"839.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"839.26","end_time":"839.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"839.32","end_time":"839.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"839.51","end_time":"839.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"839.65","end_time":"840.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"842.29","end_time":"842.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"842.68","end_time":"842.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"842.8","end_time":"843.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"843.09","end_time":"843.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"843.47","end_time":"844.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"844.59","end_time":"844.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"844.78","end_time":"845.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.0","end_time":"845.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.41","end_time":"845.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"845.65","end_time":"846.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"847.34","end_time":"847.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"847.97","end_time":"848.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"848.25","end_time":"849.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"850.34","end_time":"850.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5114","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"850.4","end_time":"850.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9648","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"851.34","end_time":"851.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.49","end_time":"851.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"851.65","end_time":"852.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similarly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"852.19","end_time":"852.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9476","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.47","end_time":"852.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9481","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.67","end_time":"852.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.75","end_time":"852.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"852.95","end_time":"853.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"853.01","end_time":"853.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"853.21","end_time":"853.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"853.36","end_time":"853.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"853.7","end_time":"853.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"853.88","end_time":"853.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"853.97","end_time":"854.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"854.2","end_time":"854.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"854.64","end_time":"855.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"855.09","end_time":"855.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.15","end_time":"855.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.37","end_time":"855.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.47","end_time":"855.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"855.89","end_time":"856.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.18","end_time":"856.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"856.63","end_time":"857.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.31","end_time":"857.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"857.75","end_time":"858.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"858.36","end_time":"858.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"858.7","end_time":"858.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"858.83","end_time":"858.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8824","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"858.95","end_time":"859.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8824","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"859.01","end_time":"859.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"859.17","end_time":"859.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7868","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"859.25","end_time":"859.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"859.49","end_time":"859.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"859.81","end_time":"860.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"860.15","end_time":"860.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"860.28","end_time":"860.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"860.65","end_time":"861.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"861.08","end_time":"861.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"861.33","end_time":"861.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.04","end_time":"862.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.17","end_time":"862.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.25","end_time":"862.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.45","end_time":"862.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.65","end_time":"862.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.88","end_time":"862.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"862.94","end_time":"863.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"863.23","end_time":"863.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"863.87","end_time":"864.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"864.09","end_time":"864.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"864.17","end_time":"864.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"864.33","end_time":"864.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"864.61","end_time":"865.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"865.05","end_time":"865.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"865.29","end_time":"865.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"865.73","end_time":"865.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"865.98","end_time":"866.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9649","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"866.27","end_time":"866.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"867.07","end_time":"867.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"867.22","end_time":"867.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"867.46","end_time":"868.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"868.1","end_time":"868.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"868.29","end_time":"868.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"868.47","end_time":"869.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cumbersome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.34","end_time":"869.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.61","end_time":"869.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.72","end_time":"869.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8138","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.84","end_time":"869.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8138","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"869.9","end_time":"870.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.05","end_time":"870.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8618","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.12","end_time":"870.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6853","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.33","end_time":"870.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.59","end_time":"870.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"870.92","end_time":"871.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"871.1","end_time":"871.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"871.19","end_time":"871.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"871.89","end_time":"872.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.11","end_time":"872.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.28","end_time":"872.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.41","end_time":"872.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.58","end_time":"872.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"872.65","end_time":"873.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"873.64","end_time":"873.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"873.85","end_time":"873.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"873.97","end_time":"874.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"importing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"874.86","end_time":"875.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"875.17","end_time":"875.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"875.33","end_time":"876.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"asterisk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"877.3","end_time":"877.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"878.22","end_time":"878.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"imports"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"878.76","end_time":"879.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"879.36","end_time":"879.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"879.52","end_time":"879.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"879.97","end_time":"880.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"880.12","end_time":"880.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"880.69","end_time":"880.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9061","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"880.81","end_time":"881.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"881.12","end_time":"881.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"881.36","end_time":"881.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"881.83","end_time":"882.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"882.24","end_time":"882.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"typing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"882.59","end_time":"882.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"882.67","end_time":"883.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"883.04","end_time":"883.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"883.26","end_time":"883.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"883.37","end_time":"883.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"884.14","end_time":"884.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.32","end_time":"884.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.45","end_time":"884.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.53","end_time":"884.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.73","end_time":"884.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.79","end_time":"884.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"884.93","end_time":"885.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"885.0","end_time":"885.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"885.33","end_time":"885.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"885.5","end_time":"885.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"885.59","end_time":"885.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"885.8","end_time":"886.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"886.14","end_time":"886.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"886.69","end_time":"886.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"886.8","end_time":"887.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.03","end_time":"887.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7587","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.22","end_time":"887.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7721","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"887.38","end_time":"887.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"888.18","end_time":"888.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"888.39","end_time":"888.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"888.74","end_time":"888.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"888.99","end_time":"889.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"889.12","end_time":"889.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9579","content":"nose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"889.66","end_time":"889.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"889.82","end_time":"889.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"889.99","end_time":"890.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.09","end_time":"890.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.26","end_time":"890.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.34","end_time":"890.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6829","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.58","end_time":"890.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"890.94","end_time":"891.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"891.46","end_time":"891.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"891.78","end_time":"892.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.04","end_time":"892.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9655","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.13","end_time":"892.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.49","end_time":"892.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"892.76","end_time":"893.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.16","end_time":"893.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"adopt"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"893.72","end_time":"893.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"893.92","end_time":"894.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.1","end_time":"894.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9205","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.24","end_time":"894.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"894.44","end_time":"895.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"abbreviations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.1","end_time":"896.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.42","end_time":"896.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"896.74","end_time":"897.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9355","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"897.15","end_time":"897.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"897.34","end_time":"897.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"897.46","end_time":"897.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"897.89","end_time":"898.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"898.65","end_time":"899.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.01","end_time":"899.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.23","end_time":"899.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.39","end_time":"899.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.51","end_time":"899.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.69","end_time":"899.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"899.8","end_time":"900.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"needed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.09","end_time":"900.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.19","end_time":"900.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.52","end_time":"900.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.6","end_time":"900.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"900.93","end_time":"901.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.36","end_time":"901.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.555","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.45","end_time":"901.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"901.54","end_time":"901.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9602","content":"homework"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"901.96","end_time":"902.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.28","end_time":"902.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.43","end_time":"902.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.55","end_time":"902.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"902.75","end_time":"903.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"903.15","end_time":"903.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.32","end_time":"903.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"903.47","end_time":"903.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"904.42","end_time":"904.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"904.55","end_time":"905.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"statement"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.0","end_time":"905.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.16","end_time":"905.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"905.26","end_time":"905.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"906.7","end_time":"906.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"906.86","end_time":"907.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.01","end_time":"907.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.24","end_time":"907.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.77","end_time":"907.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"907.89","end_time":"908.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.22","end_time":"908.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6606","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.31","end_time":"908.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.79","end_time":"908.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.91","end_time":"908.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"908.98","end_time":"909.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"909.22","end_time":"909.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"909.55","end_time":"910.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"910.12","end_time":"910.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.53","end_time":"910.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.75","end_time":"910.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"910.85","end_time":"911.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"911.0","end_time":"911.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"911.22","end_time":"911.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"911.44","end_time":"911.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"911.53","end_time":"911.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"911.73","end_time":"912.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"912.26","end_time":"912.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"912.46","end_time":"912.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"912.69","end_time":"912.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7827","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"917.34","end_time":"917.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"917.61","end_time":"917.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"917.75","end_time":"917.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"917.97","end_time":"918.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.11","end_time":"918.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"annoying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.45","end_time":"918.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.56","end_time":"918.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.79","end_time":"918.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"918.87","end_time":"919.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"919.06","end_time":"919.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"919.82","end_time":"920.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"921.13","end_time":"921.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"921.48","end_time":"921.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"921.64","end_time":"921.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.0","end_time":"922.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.19","end_time":"922.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.3","end_time":"922.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"922.61","end_time":"922.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.71","end_time":"922.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"922.86","end_time":"923.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"923.07","end_time":"923.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"923.41","end_time":"923.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"923.73","end_time":"924.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8824","content":"m"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"925.54","end_time":"925.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"926.24","end_time":"926.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2249","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"926.38","end_time":"926.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8151","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"928.74","end_time":"929.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"929.29","end_time":"929.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"932.62","end_time":"932.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"932.76","end_time":"932.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"932.86","end_time":"932.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"932.97","end_time":"933.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"933.84","end_time":"934.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"937.1","end_time":"937.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"937.39","end_time":"937.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"937.69","end_time":"937.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"937.78","end_time":"937.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5855","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"937.89","end_time":"938.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.07","end_time":"938.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.21","end_time":"938.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"938.63","end_time":"938.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"938.78","end_time":"939.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"anyone"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"939.91","end_time":"940.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"confirmed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"942.7","end_time":"943.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"943.22","end_time":"943.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"943.35","end_time":"943.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"943.49","end_time":"943.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"943.84","end_time":"944.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"944.11","end_time":"944.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.19","end_time":"944.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"944.75","end_time":"945.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9827","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.04","end_time":"945.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.27","end_time":"945.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.56","end_time":"945.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.73","end_time":"945.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.83","end_time":"945.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"945.97","end_time":"946.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"946.18","end_time":"946.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"946.29","end_time":"946.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"946.53","end_time":"946.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"946.82","end_time":"947.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"947.82","end_time":"947.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"947.97","end_time":"948.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"948.09","end_time":"948.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"948.26","end_time":"948.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confused"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"948.97","end_time":"949.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"potentially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"949.57","end_time":"949.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"949.76","end_time":"949.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"949.93","end_time":"950.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"950.03","end_time":"950.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"950.16","end_time":"950.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"950.43","end_time":"950.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"packages"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"950.85","end_time":"951.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.0","end_time":"951.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.39","end_time":"951.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.49","end_time":"951.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.57","end_time":"951.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"951.84","end_time":"952.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"952.28","end_time":"952.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4051","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.42","end_time":"952.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.47","end_time":"952.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.63","end_time":"952.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.78","end_time":"952.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"952.88","end_time":"953.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.01","end_time":"953.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.21","end_time":"953.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.41","end_time":"953.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.54","end_time":"953.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.63","end_time":"953.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"953.95","end_time":"954.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"954.4","end_time":"954.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.59","end_time":"954.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.64","end_time":"954.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"954.83","end_time":"955.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.0","end_time":"955.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.19","end_time":"955.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.68","end_time":"955.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9563","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"955.78","end_time":"956.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"956.01","end_time":"956.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"956.16","end_time":"956.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"956.83","end_time":"957.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"957.28","end_time":"957.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"957.45","end_time":"957.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"957.64","end_time":"957.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"957.78","end_time":"957.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"957.9","end_time":"957.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"957.99","end_time":"958.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"958.44","end_time":"958.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"958.56","end_time":"958.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"959.28","end_time":"959.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"959.47","end_time":"959.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"959.7","end_time":"959.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"959.81","end_time":"960.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"960.37","end_time":"960.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"960.55","end_time":"960.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8329","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"960.72","end_time":"960.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"960.95","end_time":"961.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"961.15","end_time":"961.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"961.27","end_time":"961.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"961.44","end_time":"961.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"961.54","end_time":"961.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6782","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"961.62","end_time":"961.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9597","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"961.87","end_time":"962.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"963.63","end_time":"963.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"963.88","end_time":"963.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"963.93","end_time":"964.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"964.22","end_time":"964.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"964.4","end_time":"964.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"964.68","end_time":"964.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9786","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"964.96","end_time":"965.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"965.28","end_time":"965.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"965.55","end_time":"965.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"965.68","end_time":"965.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"965.81","end_time":"965.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"965.86","end_time":"966.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"966.11","end_time":"966.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"966.27","end_time":"966.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"966.8","end_time":"967.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.761","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"967.74","end_time":"968.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"968.08","end_time":"968.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"968.17","end_time":"968.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"968.33","end_time":"968.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"968.66","end_time":"969.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"969.06","end_time":"969.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"969.6","end_time":"970.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"while"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"970.06","end_time":"970.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5964","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"970.45","end_time":"970.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.719","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"970.81","end_time":"970.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6956","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"970.86","end_time":"971.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"971.94","end_time":"972.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.19","end_time":"972.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.37","end_time":"972.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.45","end_time":"972.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.73","end_time":"972.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"972.8","end_time":"973.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"973.07","end_time":"973.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"973.17","end_time":"973.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grabbing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"974.58","end_time":"974.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"974.91","end_time":"975.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8987","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.02","end_time":"975.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5543","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.28","end_time":"975.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7282","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"975.41","end_time":"976.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"976.23","end_time":"976.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"976.74","end_time":"977.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"977.08","end_time":"977.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"977.3","end_time":"977.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"977.4","end_time":"978.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simplify"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"978.39","end_time":"979.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9769","content":"operations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.24","end_time":"979.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.4","end_time":"979.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.5","end_time":"979.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.69","end_time":"979.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.86","end_time":"979.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"979.92","end_time":"980.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"980.16","end_time":"980.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"980.45","end_time":"980.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"980.57","end_time":"980.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"980.78","end_time":"980.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"980.89","end_time":"981.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.17","end_time":"981.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.32","end_time":"981.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"981.67","end_time":"982.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"982.53","end_time":"982.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"983.64","end_time":"984.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"987.17","end_time":"987.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"987.6","end_time":"988.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"988.38","end_time":"988.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"988.53","end_time":"988.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8121","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"988.78","end_time":"988.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8121","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"988.86","end_time":"989.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"989.46","end_time":"989.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"989.7","end_time":"989.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9759","content":"comes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"989.93","end_time":"990.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"990.09","end_time":"990.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"990.18","end_time":"990.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"990.45","end_time":"990.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"990.85","end_time":"991.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"991.26","end_time":"991.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9806","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"991.39","end_time":"991.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"991.53","end_time":"991.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"991.81","end_time":"991.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"991.92","end_time":"992.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"992.34","end_time":"992.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"992.65","end_time":"992.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"992.73","end_time":"992.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"992.97","end_time":"993.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.31","end_time":"993.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"993.72","end_time":"994.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"994.04","end_time":"994.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9635","content":"Make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"994.3","end_time":"994.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9072","content":"Array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"995.34","end_time":"995.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"995.6","end_time":"995.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"995.93","end_time":"996.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"996.01","end_time":"996.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"imported"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"996.46","end_time":"996.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"996.54","end_time":"996.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"996.67","end_time":"996.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"996.86","end_time":"997.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8673","content":"star"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"997.35","end_time":"997.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.42","end_time":"997.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.65","end_time":"997.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.83","end_time":"997.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.91","end_time":"997.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6488","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"997.95","end_time":"998.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"998.31","end_time":"998.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"998.63","end_time":"999.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"999.04","end_time":"999.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"999.3","end_time":"999.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"999.72","end_time":"999.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"999.85","end_time":"1000.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.64","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1000.02","end_time":"1000.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1000.19","end_time":"1000.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1000.34","end_time":"1000.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1000.6","end_time":"1000.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5699","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1001.27","end_time":"1001.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1001.52","end_time":"1001.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1001.62","end_time":"1002.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1002.03","end_time":"1002.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1002.3","end_time":"1002.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1003.23","end_time":"1003.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1003.38","end_time":"1003.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1003.98","end_time":"1004.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1004.17","end_time":"1004.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1004.29","end_time":"1004.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1005.3","end_time":"1005.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1005.5","end_time":"1005.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1005.69","end_time":"1006.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1013.64","end_time":"1013.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9219","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1013.71","end_time":"1013.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1013.9","end_time":"1014.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.09","end_time":"1014.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1014.91","end_time":"1015.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.03","end_time":"1015.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.19","end_time":"1015.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.25","end_time":"1015.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.45","end_time":"1015.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.52","end_time":"1015.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.83","end_time":"1015.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1015.98","end_time":"1016.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9635","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1016.04","end_time":"1016.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1016.56","end_time":"1018.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9048999999999999","content":"12372"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.19","end_time":"1018.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9567","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.33","end_time":"1018.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.37","end_time":"1018.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9443","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.54","end_time":"1018.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9443","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.6","end_time":"1018.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1018.76","end_time":"1019.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.08","end_time":"1019.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.34","end_time":"1019.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1019.51","end_time":"1020.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1020.13","end_time":"1021.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954599999999999","content":"32108"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.8","end_time":"1022.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4791","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1022.86","end_time":"1023.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1023.53","end_time":"1023.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1023.81","end_time":"1023.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9638","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1023.96","end_time":"1024.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1024.51","end_time":"1024.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7747","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1025.0","end_time":"1025.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"creating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.6","end_time":"1025.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7873","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1025.69","end_time":"1026.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7407","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1026.13","end_time":"1026.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1026.36","end_time":"1026.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1026.83","end_time":"1027.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1028.11","end_time":"1028.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9332","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1028.4","end_time":"1028.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8859","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1028.55","end_time":"1029.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"assigning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1029.13","end_time":"1029.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1030.09","end_time":"1030.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1030.25","end_time":"1030.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1030.49","end_time":"1031.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7666","content":"arrays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1031.43","end_time":"1031.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1031.64","end_time":"1032.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1032.2","end_time":"1032.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1032.73","end_time":"1033.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1033.68","end_time":"1033.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1033.98","end_time":"1034.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.06","end_time":"1034.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.24","end_time":"1034.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.31","end_time":"1034.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.57","end_time":"1034.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.72","end_time":"1034.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9247","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1034.88","end_time":"1035.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.681","content":"rays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1035.18","end_time":"1035.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1035.45","end_time":"1035.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1036.61","end_time":"1036.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1036.81","end_time":"1036.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1036.95","end_time":"1037.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1037.14","end_time":"1037.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9641","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1039.04","end_time":"1039.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1039.38","end_time":"1039.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1039.54","end_time":"1040.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1040.59","end_time":"1040.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1040.89","end_time":"1041.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.11","end_time":"1041.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6572","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.19","end_time":"1041.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8398","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.37","end_time":"1041.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9372","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.66","end_time":"1041.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1041.91","end_time":"1042.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1042.13","end_time":"1042.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1042.43","end_time":"1042.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1042.68","end_time":"1042.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1042.99","end_time":"1043.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8037","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1043.32","end_time":"1043.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9393","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1043.45","end_time":"1043.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8941","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1043.62","end_time":"1043.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6509","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1043.88","end_time":"1044.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1044.14","end_time":"1044.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1045.04","end_time":"1045.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1045.29","end_time":"1045.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8979","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1045.36","end_time":"1046.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"Adam"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1048.4","end_time":"1048.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.56","end_time":"1048.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1048.85","end_time":"1049.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1049.65","end_time":"1049.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1049.76","end_time":"1050.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"corresponding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1050.48","end_time":"1050.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"entries"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1050.94","end_time":"1051.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9187","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1051.21","end_time":"1051.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1051.44","end_time":"1051.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8941","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1051.6","end_time":"1052.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.87815","content":"32"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1052.23","end_time":"1052.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9145","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1052.34","end_time":"1053.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96955","content":"23"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1053.06","end_time":"1053.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1053.19","end_time":"1054.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995625","content":"1702"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.72","end_time":"1054.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9798","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1054.86","end_time":"1055.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9271","content":"eight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1057.65","end_time":"1057.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1057.99","end_time":"1058.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1058.17","end_time":"1058.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1058.27","end_time":"1058.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9099","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1058.39","end_time":"1058.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1058.8","end_time":"1059.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.06","end_time":"1059.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.78","end_time":"1059.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1059.97","end_time":"1060.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"element"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.47","end_time":"1060.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.61","end_time":"1060.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8672","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1060.69","end_time":"1061.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8672","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1062.03","end_time":"1062.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.16","end_time":"1062.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1062.69","end_time":"1063.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"element"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.09","end_time":"1063.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.2","end_time":"1063.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.29","end_time":"1063.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1063.84","end_time":"1064.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"spot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1064.94","end_time":"1065.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1065.27","end_time":"1066.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.34","end_time":"1067.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.7","end_time":"1067.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1067.94","end_time":"1068.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1068.95","end_time":"1069.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1069.22","end_time":"1069.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1069.4","end_time":"1069.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1069.97","end_time":"1070.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.01","end_time":"1071.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9346","content":"index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.59","end_time":"1071.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9346","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.73","end_time":"1071.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.9","end_time":"1071.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1071.96","end_time":"1072.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"position"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1072.59","end_time":"1072.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1072.99","end_time":"1073.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7505","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1073.41","end_time":"1073.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8205","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1073.52","end_time":"1073.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1073.63","end_time":"1074.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1074.44","end_time":"1074.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1074.83","end_time":"1075.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1075.38","end_time":"1075.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1075.65","end_time":"1075.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1075.78","end_time":"1076.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.09","end_time":"1076.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.42","end_time":"1076.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1076.58","end_time":"1077.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1077.2","end_time":"1077.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.42","end_time":"1077.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.58","end_time":"1077.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.72","end_time":"1077.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1077.81","end_time":"1078.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.0","end_time":"1078.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4969","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.65","end_time":"1078.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8152","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1078.94","end_time":"1079.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6579","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1079.2","end_time":"1079.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9809","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1079.46","end_time":"1079.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6223","content":"items"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1079.86","end_time":"1080.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"Zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.14","end_time":"1081.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.61","end_time":"1081.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1081.76","end_time":"1082.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1082.05","end_time":"1082.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1082.5","end_time":"1082.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1083.08","end_time":"1083.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.33","end_time":"1084.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6573","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1084.55","end_time":"1085.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.575","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1085.09","end_time":"1085.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9849","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1085.39","end_time":"1086.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1086.78","end_time":"1087.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.07","end_time":"1088.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.61","end_time":"1088.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1088.73","end_time":"1089.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1089.16","end_time":"1089.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1091.64","end_time":"1092.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9335","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1093.24","end_time":"1093.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.58","end_time":"1093.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1093.74","end_time":"1094.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.44","end_time":"1094.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1094.8","end_time":"1094.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1094.97","end_time":"1095.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1095.18","end_time":"1095.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1096.48","end_time":"1096.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5059","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1096.81","end_time":"1097.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1097.32","end_time":"1097.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1097.58","end_time":"1097.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1097.85","end_time":"1098.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.11","end_time":"1098.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9654","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1098.39","end_time":"1098.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1098.67","end_time":"1099.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1099.01","end_time":"1099.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1099.28","end_time":"1099.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9516","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1102.52","end_time":"1102.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1102.85","end_time":"1103.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.21","end_time":"1103.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9565","content":"elements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1103.69","end_time":"1103.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9827","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.84","end_time":"1103.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1103.97","end_time":"1104.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1104.4","end_time":"1104.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1104.57","end_time":"1104.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1104.72","end_time":"1104.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1104.99","end_time":"1105.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"Before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1105.75","end_time":"1105.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1105.94","end_time":"1106.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.02","end_time":"1106.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5793","content":"tried"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.32","end_time":"1106.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.41","end_time":"1106.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.63","end_time":"1106.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1106.91","end_time":"1107.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1107.43","end_time":"1107.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.53","end_time":"1107.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.66","end_time":"1107.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.73","end_time":"1107.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1107.92","end_time":"1108.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9778","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1108.03","end_time":"1108.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1111.14","end_time":"1111.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.12","end_time":"1112.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.29","end_time":"1112.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.43","end_time":"1112.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1112.84","end_time":"1113.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.16","end_time":"1113.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1113.32","end_time":"1114.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bounds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1114.84","end_time":"1115.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.11","end_time":"1115.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.51","end_time":"1115.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1115.83","end_time":"1116.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.2","end_time":"1116.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9502","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.29","end_time":"1116.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.61","end_time":"1116.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1116.68","end_time":"1117.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1118.29","end_time":"1118.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1118.49","end_time":"1118.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1118.83","end_time":"1119.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1119.28","end_time":"1119.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1119.61","end_time":"1119.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1119.73","end_time":"1120.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1120.71","end_time":"1120.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9512","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1120.85","end_time":"1121.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1121.28","end_time":"1121.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indices"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1121.79","end_time":"1122.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1122.06","end_time":"1122.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8895","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1122.27","end_time":"1123.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999925","content":"0123"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1123.63","end_time":"1123.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1123.77","end_time":"1124.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1124.15","end_time":"1124.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1124.35","end_time":"1124.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1124.43","end_time":"1124.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5546","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1124.69","end_time":"1124.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1124.87","end_time":"1124.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1124.97","end_time":"1125.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1125.17","end_time":"1125.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9492","content":"index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1125.59","end_time":"1125.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8873","content":"fund"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1126.58","end_time":"1126.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1126.7","end_time":"1126.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1126.8","end_time":"1126.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1126.91","end_time":"1127.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1128.62","end_time":"1128.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7717","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1129.02","end_time":"1129.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.46","end_time":"1129.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.7","end_time":"1129.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1129.96","end_time":"1130.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1130.02","end_time":"1130.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1130.24","end_time":"1130.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1130.34","end_time":"1130.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1130.73","end_time":"1130.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.0","end_time":"1131.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.16","end_time":"1131.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1131.47","end_time":"1131.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"count"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1131.93","end_time":"1132.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1132.36","end_time":"1132.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1132.46","end_time":"1132.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1138.4","end_time":"1138.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.806","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1138.72","end_time":"1139.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1140.15","end_time":"1140.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1140.43","end_time":"1141.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretend"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.77","end_time":"1141.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1141.91","end_time":"1142.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1142.03","end_time":"1142.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1142.26","end_time":"1142.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1142.68","end_time":"1142.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1142.99","end_time":"1143.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1143.26","end_time":"1143.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"children"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1144.3","end_time":"1144.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.82","end_time":"1144.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1144.94","end_time":"1145.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.22","end_time":"1145.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.57","end_time":"1145.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1145.84","end_time":"1146.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1146.09","end_time":"1146.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1146.36","end_time":"1146.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1146.53","end_time":"1146.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1146.66","end_time":"1146.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1146.81","end_time":"1147.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"children"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1147.25","end_time":"1147.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8749","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1149.34","end_time":"1149.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1149.91","end_time":"1150.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1150.04","end_time":"1150.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1150.34","end_time":"1150.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1150.44","end_time":"1151.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recorded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1151.1","end_time":"1151.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1151.49","end_time":"1152.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"kilograms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1153.64","end_time":"1154.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.09","end_time":"1156.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.35","end_time":"1156.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.46","end_time":"1156.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.59","end_time":"1156.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1156.89","end_time":"1157.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1157.0","end_time":"1157.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1157.23","end_time":"1157.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1158.98","end_time":"1159.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1159.14","end_time":"1159.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9244","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1159.35","end_time":"1159.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8162","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1159.42","end_time":"1159.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"load"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1159.92","end_time":"1160.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.21","end_time":"1160.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9638","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.53","end_time":"1160.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.82","end_time":"1160.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1160.9","end_time":"1161.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1161.67","end_time":"1161.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.83","end_time":"1161.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1161.94","end_time":"1162.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.02","end_time":"1162.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9135","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.26","end_time":"1162.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.35","end_time":"1162.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9545","content":"maker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.85","end_time":"1162.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7092","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1162.97","end_time":"1163.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1165.74","end_time":"1165.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1165.9","end_time":"1166.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6984","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.07","end_time":"1166.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.32","end_time":"1166.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1166.4","end_time":"1166.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.13","end_time":"1167.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.39","end_time":"1167.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.7","end_time":"1167.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1167.97","end_time":"1168.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1168.76","end_time":"1168.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1168.9","end_time":"1169.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.2","end_time":"1169.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1169.5","end_time":"1169.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1169.93","end_time":"1170.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1170.12","end_time":"1170.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.23","end_time":"1170.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.53","end_time":"1170.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1170.74","end_time":"1171.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"retyping"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.27","end_time":"1171.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1171.36","end_time":"1172.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1172.53","end_time":"1172.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.67","end_time":"1172.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9164","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1172.91","end_time":"1173.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1173.18","end_time":"1173.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1173.5","end_time":"1173.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9569","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1173.83","end_time":"1174.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1174.15","end_time":"1174.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5271","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1176.04","end_time":"1176.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1176.43","end_time":"1177.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1178.14","end_time":"1178.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4417","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1178.2","end_time":"1178.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7498","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1178.82","end_time":"1178.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1178.98","end_time":"1179.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1179.07","end_time":"1179.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"forget"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1179.61","end_time":"1179.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1179.85","end_time":"1180.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1180.04","end_time":"1180.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"named"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1180.42","end_time":"1180.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1180.65","end_time":"1181.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1181.42","end_time":"1181.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1181.51","end_time":"1181.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9611","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1181.71","end_time":"1181.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1181.92","end_time":"1182.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1182.04","end_time":"1182.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"tab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1183.11","end_time":"1183.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"Help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1183.4","end_time":"1183.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1183.53","end_time":"1183.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Auto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1183.79","end_time":"1184.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"Complete"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1184.19","end_time":"1184.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1185.71","end_time":"1186.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8719","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1186.01","end_time":"1186.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1186.22","end_time":"1186.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1186.49","end_time":"1187.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1189.17","end_time":"1189.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1189.76","end_time":"1190.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1190.07","end_time":"1190.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1190.45","end_time":"1190.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1190.61","end_time":"1191.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8851","content":"kilograms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1193.24","end_time":"1193.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.7","end_time":"1196.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.88","end_time":"1196.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1196.99","end_time":"1197.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1197.14","end_time":"1197.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1197.41","end_time":"1197.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1197.96","end_time":"1198.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1198.35","end_time":"1198.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1198.54","end_time":"1198.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1198.66","end_time":"1198.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1198.75","end_time":"1199.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9638","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1199.32","end_time":"1199.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1199.48","end_time":"1199.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1199.58","end_time":"1199.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6787","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1199.71","end_time":"1200.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1200.51","end_time":"1201.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1201.27","end_time":"1201.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1201.39","end_time":"1201.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1201.61","end_time":"1201.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1201.71","end_time":"1201.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1201.81","end_time":"1202.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5871","content":"baby's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.19","end_time":"1202.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.38","end_time":"1202.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.49","end_time":"1202.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.75","end_time":"1202.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1202.88","end_time":"1203.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1203.85","end_time":"1204.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1204.31","end_time":"1204.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.59","end_time":"1204.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1204.81","end_time":"1205.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1205.24","end_time":"1205.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1205.41","end_time":"1205.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1206.34","end_time":"1207.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.58","end_time":"1207.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1207.87","end_time":"1208.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.1","end_time":"1208.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.21","end_time":"1208.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.44","end_time":"1208.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1208.84","end_time":"1209.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"compared"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1209.37","end_time":"1209.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1209.47","end_time":"1209.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1209.68","end_time":"1210.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.39","end_time":"1210.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.66","end_time":"1210.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1210.78","end_time":"1211.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1211.04","end_time":"1211.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1211.94","end_time":"1212.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6612","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1212.5","end_time":"1212.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1212.7","end_time":"1212.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1212.84","end_time":"1213.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1213.21","end_time":"1213.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1213.4","end_time":"1213.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1213.53","end_time":"1214.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1214.06","end_time":"1214.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9771","content":"newborns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1214.83","end_time":"1215.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9805","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.0","end_time":"1215.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.27","end_time":"1215.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.54","end_time":"1215.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1215.78","end_time":"1216.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"born"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1216.47","end_time":"1216.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1216.62","end_time":"1216.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1216.94","end_time":"1217.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1217.9","end_time":"1218.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9069","content":"kilograms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1218.9","end_time":"1219.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7202","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1219.35","end_time":"1219.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9734","content":"Some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1219.64","end_time":"1219.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1220.4","end_time":"1220.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1220.76","end_time":"1220.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1220.99","end_time":"1221.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.43","end_time":"1221.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"weighed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1221.72","end_time":"1222.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.04","end_time":"1222.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1222.84","end_time":"1223.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.57","end_time":"1223.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9404","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.78","end_time":"1223.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8599","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1223.97","end_time":"1224.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1224.26","end_time":"1224.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1224.4","end_time":"1225.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1225.54","end_time":"1225.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1225.98","end_time":"1226.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1226.18","end_time":"1227.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deviation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.05","end_time":"1227.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.52","end_time":"1227.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.82","end_time":"1227.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1227.91","end_time":"1228.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.27","end_time":"1228.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.6","end_time":"1228.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"above"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1228.9","end_time":"1229.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.0","end_time":"1229.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"below"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.47","end_time":"1229.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1229.97","end_time":"1230.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1230.1","end_time":"1230.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1231.74","end_time":"1232.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1232.79","end_time":"1233.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1233.04","end_time":"1233.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1233.18","end_time":"1233.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1233.55","end_time":"1233.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1233.72","end_time":"1233.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1233.83","end_time":"1234.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1234.16","end_time":"1234.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.07","end_time":"1235.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8227","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.3","end_time":"1235.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.36","end_time":"1235.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1235.63","end_time":"1235.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1236.44","end_time":"1237.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5197","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1237.0","end_time":"1237.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1237.17","end_time":"1238.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8993","content":"kilograms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.09","end_time":"1239.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.31","end_time":"1239.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1239.57","end_time":"1240.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subtract"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1240.49","end_time":"1241.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1241.69","end_time":"1242.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1242.1","end_time":"1242.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1242.65","end_time":"1243.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"element"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1245.02","end_time":"1245.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1245.15","end_time":"1245.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1245.37","end_time":"1245.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1247.64","end_time":"1248.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subtract"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.31","end_time":"1248.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1248.8","end_time":"1249.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9008","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1250.41","end_time":"1250.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9544","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1250.53","end_time":"1250.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1250.79","end_time":"1251.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1251.01","end_time":"1251.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1251.06","end_time":"1251.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1251.37","end_time":"1251.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1251.5","end_time":"1251.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9704","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1254.14","end_time":"1254.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1254.36","end_time":"1254.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1254.59","end_time":"1254.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1254.95","end_time":"1255.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1255.12","end_time":"1255.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.08","end_time":"1256.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.4","end_time":"1256.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1256.86","end_time":"1257.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1257.25","end_time":"1257.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1257.51","end_time":"1258.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"slightly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.02","end_time":"1258.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"below"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1258.39","end_time":"1259.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1259.39","end_time":"1259.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"My"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1259.56","end_time":"1260.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1260.01","end_time":"1260.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1260.35","end_time":"1260.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1260.56","end_time":"1260.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1260.65","end_time":"1261.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1261.0","end_time":"1261.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"below"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1261.37","end_time":"1261.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1261.85","end_time":"1261.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"My"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1261.99","end_time":"1262.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1262.26","end_time":"1262.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1262.53","end_time":"1262.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1262.71","end_time":"1262.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1262.91","end_time":"1263.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1263.68","end_time":"1264.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"underweight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1265.08","end_time":"1265.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1265.35","end_time":"1265.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.47","end_time":"1265.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1265.63","end_time":"1266.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9754","content":"fourth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1266.03","end_time":"1266.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1266.87","end_time":"1267.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9805","content":"waas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.08","end_time":"1268.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"above"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.52","end_time":"1268.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1268.63","end_time":"1269.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1269.04","end_time":"1269.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8212","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1269.74","end_time":"1270.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7298","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1270.07","end_time":"1270.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.19","end_time":"1270.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.27","end_time":"1270.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.41","end_time":"1270.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.6","end_time":"1270.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1270.84","end_time":"1271.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.708","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1271.09","end_time":"1271.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.708","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1272.01","end_time":"1272.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1272.27","end_time":"1272.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1272.44","end_time":"1272.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1272.62","end_time":"1272.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1272.96","end_time":"1273.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.33","end_time":"1273.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.38","end_time":"1273.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1273.87","end_time":"1274.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.15","end_time":"1274.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.66","end_time":"1274.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1274.84","end_time":"1275.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1275.73","end_time":"1276.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1276.07","end_time":"1276.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.2","end_time":"1276.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1276.59","end_time":"1277.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1281.11","end_time":"1281.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1281.55","end_time":"1281.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1281.97","end_time":"1282.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1282.36","end_time":"1282.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1282.76","end_time":"1283.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1283.66","end_time":"1284.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.05","end_time":"1284.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5984","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.41","end_time":"1284.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1284.81","end_time":"1285.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1285.62","end_time":"1285.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1285.95","end_time":"1286.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1286.26","end_time":"1286.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1286.58","end_time":"1287.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1287.32","end_time":"1287.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1287.6","end_time":"1287.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1287.86","end_time":"1288.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1288.13","end_time":"1288.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1288.71","end_time":"1288.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1288.8","end_time":"1289.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8957","content":"gotten"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1289.04","end_time":"1289.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1289.13","end_time":"1289.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1289.58","end_time":"1289.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1289.84","end_time":"1289.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1289.93","end_time":"1290.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1290.2","end_time":"1290.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1291.18","end_time":"1291.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1291.91","end_time":"1292.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1292.17","end_time":"1292.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1292.42","end_time":"1292.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1292.74","end_time":"1293.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9492","content":"separate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1293.15","end_time":"1294.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1294.1","end_time":"1294.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1294.26","end_time":"1294.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1294.54","end_time":"1294.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1294.95","end_time":"1295.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1295.85","end_time":"1296.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1296.17","end_time":"1296.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1296.26","end_time":"1296.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6118","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1296.55","end_time":"1296.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1296.81","end_time":"1296.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1296.97","end_time":"1297.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1297.1","end_time":"1297.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6372","content":"d'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1297.87","end_time":"1298.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5725","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1298.31","end_time":"1298.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1298.66","end_time":"1298.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1298.82","end_time":"1299.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1299.26","end_time":"1299.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5801","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1299.99","end_time":"1300.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.21","end_time":"1300.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.29","end_time":"1300.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.44","end_time":"1300.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1300.68","end_time":"1301.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"step"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1302.74","end_time":"1303.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.0","end_time":"1303.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.11","end_time":"1303.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.26","end_time":"1303.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"imagine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1303.68","end_time":"1304.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1304.44","end_time":"1304.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1304.59","end_time":"1304.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1304.79","end_time":"1304.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1304.95","end_time":"1305.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.12","end_time":"1305.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.18","end_time":"1305.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.71","end_time":"1305.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1305.96","end_time":"1306.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1306.34","end_time":"1306.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1306.41","end_time":"1306.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1306.66","end_time":"1307.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"larger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1307.1","end_time":"1307.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1307.32","end_time":"1307.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1307.47","end_time":"1308.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9779","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1308.64","end_time":"1309.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9339","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1309.28","end_time":"1309.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1309.46","end_time":"1309.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"benefit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1309.94","end_time":"1310.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.02","end_time":"1310.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.32","end_time":"1310.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.4","end_time":"1310.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1310.65","end_time":"1311.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"becomes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1311.04","end_time":"1311.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1311.27","end_time":"1311.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"greater"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1314.64","end_time":"1315.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.36","end_time":"1315.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.55","end_time":"1315.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.64","end_time":"1315.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.84","end_time":"1315.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1315.98","end_time":"1316.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1316.06","end_time":"1316.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.652","content":"dio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1316.67","end_time":"1316.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7566","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1316.91","end_time":"1317.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.08","end_time":"1317.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.64","end_time":"1317.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1317.76","end_time":"1318.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4993","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1318.16","end_time":"1319.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854499999999999","content":"£2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1319.84","end_time":"1320.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1330.11","end_time":"1330.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4935","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1330.19","end_time":"1330.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5872","content":"huh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1330.94","end_time":"1331.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.27","end_time":"1331.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.44","end_time":"1331.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.74","end_time":"1331.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1331.9","end_time":"1332.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1333.74","end_time":"1333.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9688","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1335.54","end_time":"1335.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1335.93","end_time":"1336.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.16","end_time":"1336.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1336.29","end_time":"1336.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1337.59","end_time":"1337.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1337.94","end_time":"1338.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.82","end_time":"1338.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1338.99","end_time":"1339.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.19","end_time":"1339.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.25","end_time":"1339.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1339.79","end_time":"1340.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1340.06","end_time":"1340.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1340.55","end_time":"1340.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1340.78","end_time":"1340.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1340.88","end_time":"1341.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1341.17","end_time":"1341.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1341.35","end_time":"1341.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"below"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1341.67","end_time":"1341.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1341.81","end_time":"1342.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1342.15","end_time":"1342.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8865","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1342.37","end_time":"1342.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Positive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1342.86","end_time":"1343.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1343.12","end_time":"1343.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1343.23","end_time":"1343.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1343.39","end_time":"1343.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"above"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1343.72","end_time":"1343.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1343.88","end_time":"1344.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1344.21","end_time":"1344.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9271","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1344.75","end_time":"1345.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.0","end_time":"1345.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.12","end_time":"1345.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"wanted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.53","end_time":"1345.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.65","end_time":"1345.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1345.91","end_time":"1346.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1346.26","end_time":"1346.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1346.52","end_time":"1346.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"far"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1346.96","end_time":"1347.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1347.17","end_time":"1347.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1347.58","end_time":"1347.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.53","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1347.78","end_time":"1348.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.17","end_time":"1349.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1349.55","end_time":"1349.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.8","end_time":"1349.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1349.93","end_time":"1350.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.43","end_time":"1350.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.65","end_time":"1350.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1350.88","end_time":"1351.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1351.14","end_time":"1351.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1351.24","end_time":"1351.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1351.68","end_time":"1352.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1352.44","end_time":"1352.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1352.64","end_time":"1353.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.07","end_time":"1353.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.29","end_time":"1353.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.58","end_time":"1353.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1353.83","end_time":"1354.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.2","end_time":"1354.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.35","end_time":"1354.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"underweight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1354.82","end_time":"1354.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.527","content":"her"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1354.99","end_time":"1355.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"overweight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1355.74","end_time":"1355.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1355.94","end_time":"1356.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.01","end_time":"1356.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.26","end_time":"1356.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.45","end_time":"1356.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.64","end_time":"1356.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1356.92","end_time":"1357.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1357.28","end_time":"1357.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1357.82","end_time":"1358.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1358.25","end_time":"1359.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"abnormal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.54","end_time":"1359.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6505","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.71","end_time":"1359.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1359.91","end_time":"1360.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.23","end_time":"1360.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8975","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.35","end_time":"1360.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1360.64","end_time":"1361.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"typical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1361.84","end_time":"1362.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1362.54","end_time":"1362.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1366.14","end_time":"1366.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1366.51","end_time":"1366.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1366.64","end_time":"1366.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1366.82","end_time":"1367.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.0","end_time":"1367.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8458","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.1","end_time":"1367.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.4","end_time":"1367.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.76","end_time":"1367.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1367.91","end_time":"1368.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.27","end_time":"1368.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.55","end_time":"1368.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.79","end_time":"1368.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1368.89","end_time":"1369.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1369.04","end_time":"1369.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1369.64","end_time":"1370.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9334","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1371.79","end_time":"1372.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1372.05","end_time":"1372.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1372.84","end_time":"1373.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.05","end_time":"1373.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1373.35","end_time":"1373.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1373.89","end_time":"1374.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5592","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1374.54","end_time":"1374.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8843","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.66","end_time":"1374.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1374.88","end_time":"1375.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.04","end_time":"1375.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.12","end_time":"1375.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"absolute"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1375.44","end_time":"1375.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1376.03","end_time":"1376.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.24","end_time":"1376.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.45","end_time":"1376.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1376.8","end_time":"1377.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displaying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.21","end_time":"1379.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1379.63","end_time":"1380.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deviations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.46","end_time":"1380.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.63","end_time":"1380.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1380.72","end_time":"1381.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1381.15","end_time":"1381.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"weight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1381.77","end_time":"1382.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1382.22","end_time":"1382.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.42","end_time":"1382.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.52","end_time":"1382.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1382.75","end_time":"1383.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.15","end_time":"1383.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1383.41","end_time":"1383.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.53","end_time":"1383.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.61","end_time":"1383.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.8","end_time":"1383.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1383.86","end_time":"1384.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1384.05","end_time":"1384.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"further"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1384.37","end_time":"1385.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.07","end_time":"1385.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.21","end_time":"1385.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1385.42","end_time":"1386.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1386.37","end_time":"1386.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.54","end_time":"1386.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.74","end_time":"1386.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1386.84","end_time":"1387.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.29","end_time":"1387.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.5","end_time":"1387.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.64","end_time":"1387.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1387.85","end_time":"1388.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.24","end_time":"1389.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.45","end_time":"1389.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.52","end_time":"1389.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.72","end_time":"1389.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.93","end_time":"1389.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1389.99","end_time":"1390.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1390.66","end_time":"1391.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1391.05","end_time":"1392.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"deviations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1393.24","end_time":"1393.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7944","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1394.64","end_time":"1394.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1394.86","end_time":"1395.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1397.0","end_time":"1397.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1397.32","end_time":"1397.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1397.57","end_time":"1397.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1397.67","end_time":"1397.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1397.78","end_time":"1398.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1402.24","end_time":"1402.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9702","content":"My"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1404.94","end_time":"1405.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1405.5","end_time":"1405.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9266","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1411.35","end_time":"1411.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9411","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1411.43","end_time":"1411.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9415","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1411.6","end_time":"1411.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"Let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1411.8","end_time":"1411.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1411.99","end_time":"1412.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1412.16","end_time":"1412.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1412.85","end_time":"1413.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1413.39","end_time":"1413.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1413.5","end_time":"1413.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4954","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1413.8","end_time":"1414.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"£2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1415.14","end_time":"1415.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1415.36","end_time":"1415.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1415.62","end_time":"1415.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1415.71","end_time":"1415.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9372","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1415.94","end_time":"1416.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9198","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1416.05","end_time":"1416.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8918","content":"kilograms"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1417.42","end_time":"1417.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1417.76","end_time":"1419.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995166666666666","content":"£2.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1419.01","end_time":"1419.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1419.11","end_time":"1419.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1419.16","end_time":"1419.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"kilogram"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1420.44","end_time":"1420.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1420.65","end_time":"1420.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1420.77","end_time":"1420.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1420.89","end_time":"1420.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8413","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1420.95","end_time":"1421.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1421.05","end_time":"1421.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1421.24","end_time":"1421.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1421.33","end_time":"1421.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1421.65","end_time":"1421.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9689","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1421.75","end_time":"1422.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5573","content":"teach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1422.21","end_time":"1422.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1422.31","end_time":"1422.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1422.51","end_time":"1423.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1424.62","end_time":"1425.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8448","content":"Times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1425.26","end_time":"1426.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9411666666666667","content":"2.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1426.58","end_time":"1426.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1427.16","end_time":"1427.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.36","end_time":"1427.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.66","end_time":"1427.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.8","end_time":"1427.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1427.97","end_time":"1428.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stored"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1428.28","end_time":"1428.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1428.38","end_time":"1428.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1428.45","end_time":"1429.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1429.16","end_time":"1429.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1429.31","end_time":"1429.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.679","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1429.45","end_time":"1429.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1429.66","end_time":"1429.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1429.86","end_time":"1429.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1429.94","end_time":"1430.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1430.18","end_time":"1430.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1430.3","end_time":"1430.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1430.43","end_time":"1431.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1431.3","end_time":"1431.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1431.51","end_time":"1431.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9277","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1431.9","end_time":"1432.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.863","content":"2.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1433.34","end_time":"1433.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1433.54","end_time":"1433.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9801","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1433.79","end_time":"1433.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1433.99","end_time":"1434.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"produce"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1435.74","end_time":"1436.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.28","end_time":"1436.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8123","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.55","end_time":"1436.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8707","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1436.69","end_time":"1437.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"pounds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1437.5","end_time":"1437.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6811","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1437.77","end_time":"1437.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1437.86","end_time":"1437.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1437.95","end_time":"1438.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.15","end_time":"1438.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.38","end_time":"1438.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.58","end_time":"1438.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9218","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1438.78","end_time":"1439.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1439.03","end_time":"1439.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1439.39","end_time":"1439.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1440.51","end_time":"1440.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1440.86","end_time":"1441.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9652","content":"underweight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1441.51","end_time":"1441.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7782","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1441.79","end_time":"1442.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"£5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1442.34","end_time":"1442.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6169","content":"babies"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1442.67","end_time":"1442.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1442.87","end_time":"1443.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"small"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1444.0","end_time":"1444.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.19","end_time":"1444.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.31","end_time":"1444.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"almost"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.61","end_time":"1444.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1444.65","end_time":"1445.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"£9"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.15","end_time":"1445.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1445.42","end_time":"1445.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.56","end_time":"1445.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.67","end_time":"1445.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1445.88","end_time":"1446.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1447.99","end_time":"1448.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1448.19","end_time":"1448.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1448.29","end_time":"1448.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1448.39","end_time":"1448.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4546","content":"wanna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1448.73","end_time":"1449.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1449.26","end_time":"1449.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1449.75","end_time":"1450.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1451.61","end_time":"1452.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1452.07","end_time":"1452.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.2","end_time":"1453.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.36","end_time":"1453.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1453.58","end_time":"1454.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1455.3","end_time":"1455.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.44","end_time":"1455.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.69","end_time":"1455.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1455.95","end_time":"1456.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1456.37","end_time":"1456.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5374","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1456.86","end_time":"1457.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1457.12","end_time":"1457.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"pounds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1458.64","end_time":"1458.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4247","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1458.91","end_time":"1459.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4021","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1459.17","end_time":"1459.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7199","content":"waits"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1459.63","end_time":"1459.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5286","content":"lb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1459.95","end_time":"1460.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2719","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1460.01","end_time":"1460.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8108","content":"years"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.64","end_time":"1462.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1462.82","end_time":"1463.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6325","content":"thats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.09","end_time":"1463.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.56","end_time":"1463.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.69","end_time":"1463.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.82","end_time":"1463.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1463.89","end_time":"1464.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.35","end_time":"1464.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.47","end_time":"1464.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.64","end_time":"1464.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.69","end_time":"1464.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9651","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1464.86","end_time":"1465.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"refer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.17","end_time":"1465.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.28","end_time":"1465.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1465.39","end_time":"1465.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1468.84","end_time":"1469.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1473.82","end_time":"1474.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.39","end_time":"1474.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.49","end_time":"1474.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.87","end_time":"1474.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1474.97","end_time":"1475.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.17","end_time":"1475.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.33","end_time":"1475.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.39","end_time":"1475.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1475.8","end_time":"1476.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1476.2","end_time":"1476.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1476.49","end_time":"1476.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1476.86","end_time":"1477.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.35","end_time":"1477.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6635","content":"weights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.67","end_time":"1477.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1477.85","end_time":"1478.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recorded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1479.0","end_time":"1479.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5728","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1479.06","end_time":"1479.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9737","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1479.73","end_time":"1479.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1479.94","end_time":"1480.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1480.08","end_time":"1480.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1480.18","end_time":"1480.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7785","content":"short"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1480.51","end_time":"1480.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3944","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1480.61","end_time":"1480.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9413","content":"rice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1480.9","end_time":"1481.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9009","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1481.09","end_time":"1481.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1481.33","end_time":"1481.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1481.4","end_time":"1481.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"count"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1481.66","end_time":"1481.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1481.82","end_time":"1482.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1482.5","end_time":"1482.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9568","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1482.69","end_time":"1482.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1482.81","end_time":"1483.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1483.17","end_time":"1483.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8989","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1483.27","end_time":"1483.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1483.95","end_time":"1484.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.39","end_time":"1484.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sequences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1484.89","end_time":"1485.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.01","end_time":"1485.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.29","end_time":"1485.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.4","end_time":"1485.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.49","end_time":"1485.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.65","end_time":"1485.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1485.71","end_time":"1485.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1485.89","end_time":"1486.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1486.07","end_time":"1486.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1486.31","end_time":"1486.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1486.55","end_time":"1486.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6573","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1486.78","end_time":"1486.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9536","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1486.94","end_time":"1487.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1487.02","end_time":"1487.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1487.43","end_time":"1487.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8945","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1487.88","end_time":"1488.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.07","end_time":"1488.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.28","end_time":"1488.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.71","end_time":"1488.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.81","end_time":"1488.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1488.96","end_time":"1489.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.11","end_time":"1489.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1489.46","end_time":"1489.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.5","end_time":"1489.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"haven't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.7","end_time":"1489.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1489.94","end_time":"1490.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1490.05","end_time":"1490.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"roster"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1490.58","end_time":"1490.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1490.71","end_time":"1491.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1491.23","end_time":"1491.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1491.66","end_time":"1491.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.82","end_time":"1491.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1491.86","end_time":"1492.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.04","end_time":"1492.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9376","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.1","end_time":"1492.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"count"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.39","end_time":"1492.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.49","end_time":"1492.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.73","end_time":"1492.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1492.91","end_time":"1493.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1493.78","end_time":"1494.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.21","end_time":"1494.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.41","end_time":"1494.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.54","end_time":"1494.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.81","end_time":"1494.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ways"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1494.99","end_time":"1495.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1495.06","end_time":"1495.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1495.22","end_time":"1495.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1495.44","end_time":"1495.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8775","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1495.58","end_time":"1495.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"totally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1495.97","end_time":"1496.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equivalent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1500.04","end_time":"1500.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.14","end_time":"1501.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.41","end_time":"1501.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.55","end_time":"1501.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1501.93","end_time":"1502.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1503.94","end_time":"1504.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.05","end_time":"1504.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1504.6","end_time":"1505.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.07","end_time":"1505.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9712","content":"L"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.32","end_time":"1505.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9737","content":"E"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1505.51","end_time":"1505.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"N"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1506.64","end_time":"1506.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1506.81","end_time":"1507.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1507.16","end_time":"1507.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1507.32","end_time":"1507.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1510.1","end_time":"1510.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1510.68","end_time":"1510.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1510.9","end_time":"1511.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1511.21","end_time":"1511.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1511.84","end_time":"1511.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1511.99","end_time":"1512.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1512.26","end_time":"1512.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1512.36","end_time":"1512.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1512.6","end_time":"1512.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1512.76","end_time":"1512.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6875","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1512.89","end_time":"1513.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3367","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1513.42","end_time":"1513.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"inside"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1513.97","end_time":"1514.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1514.04","end_time":"1514.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1516.09","end_time":"1516.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4238","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.23","end_time":"1516.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5269","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.32","end_time":"1516.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1516.72","end_time":"1516.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1516.99","end_time":"1517.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.14","end_time":"1517.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.51","end_time":"1517.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.66","end_time":"1517.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1517.84","end_time":"1518.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1518.89","end_time":"1519.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.07","end_time":"1519.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.19","end_time":"1519.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.5","end_time":"1519.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1519.65","end_time":"1520.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1521.64","end_time":"1522.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1523.68","end_time":"1523.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1523.93","end_time":"1524.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1524.53","end_time":"1525.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1530.28","end_time":"1530.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1530.49","end_time":"1530.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1530.67","end_time":"1531.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1531.41","end_time":"1531.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1531.93","end_time":"1532.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"recorded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1532.48","end_time":"1532.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1533.44","end_time":"1533.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9282","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1533.51","end_time":"1533.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9474","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1534.34","end_time":"1534.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1534.61","end_time":"1534.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1534.75","end_time":"1535.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Indus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1535.18","end_time":"1535.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7091","content":"E"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1535.32","end_time":"1535.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1535.53","end_time":"1535.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1535.77","end_time":"1536.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Since"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1536.04","end_time":"1536.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1536.26","end_time":"1536.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indices"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1536.85","end_time":"1537.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.16","end_time":"1537.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.5","end_time":"1537.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1537.64","end_time":"1538.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1539.14","end_time":"1539.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1539.3","end_time":"1539.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1539.6","end_time":"1539.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1539.8","end_time":"1540.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1540.14","end_time":"1540.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1540.27","end_time":"1540.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6714","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1540.75","end_time":"1541.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1541.18","end_time":"1541.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1542.13","end_time":"1542.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1542.48","end_time":"1542.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1542.62","end_time":"1542.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1542.84","end_time":"1543.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.06","end_time":"1543.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1543.33","end_time":"1543.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1544.05","end_time":"1544.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9733","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1544.23","end_time":"1544.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1544.43","end_time":"1544.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1544.51","end_time":"1544.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1544.82","end_time":"1545.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1547.14","end_time":"1547.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.4","end_time":"1547.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.66","end_time":"1547.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1547.9","end_time":"1548.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1548.01","end_time":"1548.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1548.13","end_time":"1548.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1548.51","end_time":"1548.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"element"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1549.44","end_time":"1549.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1549.71","end_time":"1549.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1549.82","end_time":"1550.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1550.1","end_time":"1550.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1550.24","end_time":"1550.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8839","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1551.9","end_time":"1552.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9772","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1552.17","end_time":"1552.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1552.34","end_time":"1552.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1552.56","end_time":"1552.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1552.96","end_time":"1553.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.34","end_time":"1556.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9643","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1556.78","end_time":"1557.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.748","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1559.14","end_time":"1559.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.894","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1559.2","end_time":"1559.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9635","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1559.41","end_time":"1559.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1559.55","end_time":"1559.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1559.73","end_time":"1559.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1559.9","end_time":"1560.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1560.22","end_time":"1560.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1560.3","end_time":"1561.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1561.15","end_time":"1561.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4949","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.27","end_time":"1561.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7434","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.4","end_time":"1561.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.55","end_time":"1561.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.62","end_time":"1561.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1561.95","end_time":"1562.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.11","end_time":"1562.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.2","end_time":"1562.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"accessing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1562.9","end_time":"1563.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1563.56","end_time":"1564.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.01","end_time":"1564.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.13","end_time":"1564.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.19","end_time":"1564.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.52","end_time":"1564.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.64","end_time":"1564.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1564.77","end_time":"1565.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1565.04","end_time":"1565.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1565.15","end_time":"1565.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3495","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1565.24","end_time":"1565.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2464","content":"arrived"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1565.59","end_time":"1565.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4233","content":"He's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1565.75","end_time":"1565.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1565.99","end_time":"1566.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1566.19","end_time":"1566.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1566.28","end_time":"1566.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1566.59","end_time":"1567.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1567.43","end_time":"1567.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1567.62","end_time":"1567.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7655","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1567.77","end_time":"1568.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1568.43","end_time":"1568.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1568.82","end_time":"1569.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1569.02","end_time":"1569.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"syntax"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1569.65","end_time":"1569.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1569.76","end_time":"1569.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1569.95","end_time":"1570.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1570.14","end_time":"1570.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1570.4","end_time":"1570.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1570.69","end_time":"1570.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1570.82","end_time":"1571.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1571.55","end_time":"1571.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9772","content":"Dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1571.97","end_time":"1572.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8031","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1572.43","end_time":"1572.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1572.66","end_time":"1572.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1572.97","end_time":"1573.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1573.06","end_time":"1573.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1573.25","end_time":"1573.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1573.35","end_time":"1573.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1573.46","end_time":"1573.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9328","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1574.17","end_time":"1574.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1574.73","end_time":"1575.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"lane"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1575.23","end_time":"1575.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3958","content":"Ellie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.59","end_time":"1575.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.687","content":"End"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1575.85","end_time":"1576.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.54","end_time":"1576.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1576.74","end_time":"1577.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"front"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.02","end_time":"1577.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.12","end_time":"1577.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.2","end_time":"1577.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.39","end_time":"1577.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.45","end_time":"1577.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.57","end_time":"1577.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7983","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.81","end_time":"1577.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1577.97","end_time":"1578.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parentheses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1580.22","end_time":"1580.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9521","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1580.56","end_time":"1580.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1580.67","end_time":"1581.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"totally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1581.09","end_time":"1581.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"equivalent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1582.74","end_time":"1583.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6065","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1583.74","end_time":"1584.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9509","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1584.07","end_time":"1584.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1588.31","end_time":"1588.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1588.71","end_time":"1588.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6882","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1588.88","end_time":"1589.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.1","end_time":"1589.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.15","end_time":"1589.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6964","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1589.41","end_time":"1589.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.545","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1590.25","end_time":"1590.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1590.88","end_time":"1591.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1591.1","end_time":"1591.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1593.04","end_time":"1593.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1593.46","end_time":"1593.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.1711","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1593.68","end_time":"1593.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.576","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1593.96","end_time":"1594.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4088","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1594.06","end_time":"1594.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4513","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1594.9","end_time":"1595.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1595.06","end_time":"1595.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1595.27","end_time":"1595.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1595.43","end_time":"1595.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1595.72","end_time":"1595.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1595.95","end_time":"1596.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.75","end_time":"1596.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6853","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1596.91","end_time":"1597.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"making"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1597.23","end_time":"1597.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1597.31","end_time":"1597.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4751","content":"races"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1597.75","end_time":"1597.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1598.0","end_time":"1598.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6725","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1598.27","end_time":"1598.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2441","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1598.59","end_time":"1599.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1603.21","end_time":"1603.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7743","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1603.5","end_time":"1603.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1603.93","end_time":"1604.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1604.23","end_time":"1604.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1605.88","end_time":"1606.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8957","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1606.55","end_time":"1607.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9498","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1607.37","end_time":"1607.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9557","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1608.17","end_time":"1608.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1608.4","end_time":"1608.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1608.79","end_time":"1609.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.05","end_time":"1609.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.15","end_time":"1609.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.55","end_time":"1609.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1609.85","end_time":"1610.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1610.51","end_time":"1610.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8508","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1611.05","end_time":"1611.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1611.25","end_time":"1611.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1611.41","end_time":"1611.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1611.53","end_time":"1612.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1612.45","end_time":"1612.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1612.6","end_time":"1612.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1612.84","end_time":"1613.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.34","end_time":"1613.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1613.75","end_time":"1614.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1614.23","end_time":"1614.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1614.33","end_time":"1614.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1614.68","end_time":"1614.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"year"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1616.97","end_time":"1617.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1617.1","end_time":"1617.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9662","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1617.24","end_time":"1617.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1617.42","end_time":"1617.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1617.91","end_time":"1618.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1618.14","end_time":"1618.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4721","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1618.3","end_time":"1618.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8293","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1618.48","end_time":"1618.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9734","content":"straight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1619.94","end_time":"1620.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.06","end_time":"1620.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.23","end_time":"1620.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.41","end_time":"1620.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.56","end_time":"1620.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.79","end_time":"1620.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1620.91","end_time":"1621.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1621.11","end_time":"1621.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1623.34","end_time":"1623.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.59","end_time":"1623.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1623.87","end_time":"1624.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"days"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.47","end_time":"1624.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.71","end_time":"1624.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1624.79","end_time":"1625.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1625.19","end_time":"1625.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9771","content":"temperatures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1625.73","end_time":"1625.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1625.95","end_time":"1626.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1626.08","end_time":"1626.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.19","end_time":"1626.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.42","end_time":"1626.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.51","end_time":"1626.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.69","end_time":"1626.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"days"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1626.94","end_time":"1627.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8831","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.05","end_time":"1627.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.2","end_time":"1627.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1627.28","end_time":"1627.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1628.15","end_time":"1628.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1628.66","end_time":"1629.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.29","end_time":"1629.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4736","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.36","end_time":"1629.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.57","end_time":"1629.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.77","end_time":"1629.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1629.89","end_time":"1630.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"check"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1630.31","end_time":"1630.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1630.46","end_time":"1630.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1630.55","end_time":"1631.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collected"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.04","end_time":"1631.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.3","end_time":"1631.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1631.55","end_time":"1631.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1632.46","end_time":"1632.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5855","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1632.52","end_time":"1632.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8556","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1632.99","end_time":"1633.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.04","end_time":"1634.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.27","end_time":"1634.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.4","end_time":"1634.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.53","end_time":"1634.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.59","end_time":"1634.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1634.79","end_time":"1635.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1637.14","end_time":"1637.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9534","content":"Size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1637.75","end_time":"1637.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1637.91","end_time":"1638.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1638.05","end_time":"1638.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7211","content":"lane"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1639.34","end_time":"1640.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"Len"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1640.45","end_time":"1640.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1640.64","end_time":"1641.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5672","content":"attempts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1641.74","end_time":"1642.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99985","content":"31"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1643.94","end_time":"1644.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1644.15","end_time":"1644.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1644.37","end_time":"1644.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1644.8","end_time":"1645.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1645.66","end_time":"1646.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equivalently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1648.44","end_time":"1648.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4483","content":"Temps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1648.83","end_time":"1649.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3488","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1649.09","end_time":"1649.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7567","content":"Size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1650.02","end_time":"1650.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1650.23","end_time":"1650.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.32","end_time":"1650.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.54","end_time":"1650.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"31"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1650.95","end_time":"1651.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"days"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1651.17","end_time":"1651.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1651.26","end_time":"1651.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1651.61","end_time":"1651.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8808","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1651.8","end_time":"1652.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1652.01","end_time":"1652.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1652.16","end_time":"1652.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1652.26","end_time":"1652.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1652.53","end_time":"1652.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1654.42","end_time":"1655.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1655.12","end_time":"1655.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1655.42","end_time":"1655.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1655.61","end_time":"1655.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"natural"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1655.93","end_time":"1656.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.32","end_time":"1656.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.39","end_time":"1656.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.56","end_time":"1656.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8629","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.72","end_time":"1656.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8633","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1656.78","end_time":"1657.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1657.11","end_time":"1657.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7399","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1658.32","end_time":"1658.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1658.52","end_time":"1658.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1658.69","end_time":"1658.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1658.87","end_time":"1659.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"average"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1660.3","end_time":"1661.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1662.3","end_time":"1662.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1662.52","end_time":"1663.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1663.13","end_time":"1663.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1663.48","end_time":"1663.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1663.7","end_time":"1664.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99985","content":"2018"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1665.29","end_time":"1665.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1665.79","end_time":"1666.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9681","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1666.08","end_time":"1666.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1666.35","end_time":"1667.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1668.24","end_time":"1669.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"methods"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1670.03","end_time":"1670.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9734","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1670.28","end_time":"1670.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1670.36","end_time":"1670.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8816","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1670.86","end_time":"1671.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1673.04","end_time":"1673.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.39","end_time":"1673.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.74","end_time":"1673.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1673.84","end_time":"1674.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1674.44","end_time":"1674.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.62","end_time":"1674.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.7","end_time":"1674.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1674.97","end_time":"1675.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"told"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1675.24","end_time":"1675.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1675.33","end_time":"1675.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9183","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1676.01","end_time":"1676.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8147","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1676.16","end_time":"1676.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1676.26","end_time":"1676.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1676.82","end_time":"1677.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1677.22","end_time":"1677.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1679.07","end_time":"1679.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1679.38","end_time":"1679.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1679.6","end_time":"1680.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1680.05","end_time":"1680.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1680.21","end_time":"1680.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1680.42","end_time":"1681.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1681.18","end_time":"1681.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1681.36","end_time":"1681.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1681.54","end_time":"1681.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"divide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1681.96","end_time":"1682.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1682.11","end_time":"1682.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99945","content":"31"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1685.43","end_time":"1685.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9351","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1685.73","end_time":"1686.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1687.53","end_time":"1687.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1687.65","end_time":"1687.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1687.98","end_time":"1688.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1688.21","end_time":"1688.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9649","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1688.67","end_time":"1689.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"method"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1689.05","end_time":"1689.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1689.2","end_time":"1689.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1689.35","end_time":"1689.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1690.51","end_time":"1690.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9774","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1690.73","end_time":"1690.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1690.9","end_time":"1690.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9557","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1690.99","end_time":"1691.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4656","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.28","end_time":"1691.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1691.47","end_time":"1692.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1692.26","end_time":"1692.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1692.94","end_time":"1693.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1693.03","end_time":"1693.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"methods"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1693.39","end_time":"1693.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1693.5","end_time":"1693.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1693.74","end_time":"1694.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.02","end_time":"1694.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specifically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.63","end_time":"1694.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.78","end_time":"1694.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1694.91","end_time":"1695.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9793","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1695.68","end_time":"1695.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1695.85","end_time":"1696.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"showing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.2","end_time":"1696.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.31","end_time":"1696.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.37","end_time":"1696.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1696.62","end_time":"1697.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8414","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1697.07","end_time":"1697.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"Weaken"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1697.85","end_time":"1698.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.01","end_time":"1698.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.14","end_time":"1698.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.25","end_time":"1698.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.33","end_time":"1698.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.37","end_time":"1698.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.56","end_time":"1698.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.6","end_time":"1698.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1698.91","end_time":"1699.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.01","end_time":"1699.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.14","end_time":"1699.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1699.4","end_time":"1699.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.55","end_time":"1699.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1699.98","end_time":"1700.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.2","end_time":"1700.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.44","end_time":"1700.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.51","end_time":"1700.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.64","end_time":"1700.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.72","end_time":"1700.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1700.8","end_time":"1701.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1701.15","end_time":"1701.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1701.29","end_time":"1701.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1701.36","end_time":"1701.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6209","content":"confined"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1701.74","end_time":"1701.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7563","content":"lists"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1701.96","end_time":"1702.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6921","content":"online"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1702.74","end_time":"1702.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1702.92","end_time":"1703.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.04","end_time":"1703.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1703.34","end_time":"1703.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.7","end_time":"1703.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"worry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1703.94","end_time":"1704.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9168","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1704.48","end_time":"1704.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knowing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1704.87","end_time":"1705.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exhaustively"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1705.79","end_time":"1706.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1706.11","end_time":"1706.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1706.49","end_time":"1706.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1706.61","end_time":"1706.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1706.75","end_time":"1707.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5038","content":"d'oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1707.27","end_time":"1707.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1707.54","end_time":"1707.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1707.74","end_time":"1707.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1707.92","end_time":"1708.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1708.1","end_time":"1708.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understanding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.49","end_time":"1709.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1709.86","end_time":"1710.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.18","end_time":"1710.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.49","end_time":"1710.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.58","end_time":"1710.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1710.64","end_time":"1711.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9803","content":"few"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1711.34","end_time":"1711.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1711.54","end_time":"1711.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1711.65","end_time":"1712.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.07","end_time":"1712.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.17","end_time":"1712.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.35","end_time":"1712.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.41","end_time":"1712.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1712.6","end_time":"1713.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.03","end_time":"1713.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.18","end_time":"1713.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.24","end_time":"1713.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.45","end_time":"1713.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.58","end_time":"1713.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1713.64","end_time":"1714.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1714.02","end_time":"1714.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1714.43","end_time":"1714.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1714.63","end_time":"1714.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1714.87","end_time":"1715.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.06","end_time":"1715.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.14","end_time":"1715.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.3","end_time":"1715.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.43","end_time":"1715.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.67","end_time":"1715.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1715.93","end_time":"1716.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.04","end_time":"1716.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9647","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.22","end_time":"1716.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.57","end_time":"1716.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.67","end_time":"1716.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1716.85","end_time":"1717.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1722.19","end_time":"1723.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1723.3","end_time":"1723.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1723.54","end_time":"1723.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1723.72","end_time":"1723.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9771","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1723.8","end_time":"1724.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3861","content":"maximum"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1724.35","end_time":"1724.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8631","content":"men"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1726.35","end_time":"1726.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1726.52","end_time":"1727.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1727.21","end_time":"1727.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1727.55","end_time":"1727.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1727.71","end_time":"1727.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1727.94","end_time":"1728.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1728.18","end_time":"1728.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1728.48","end_time":"1728.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1728.67","end_time":"1729.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1729.44","end_time":"1730.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1730.08","end_time":"1730.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1730.39","end_time":"1730.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"maximum"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1730.91","end_time":"1731.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1731.48","end_time":"1731.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.64","end_time":"1731.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1731.84","end_time":"1732.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1732.02","end_time":"1732.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1732.17","end_time":"1732.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1732.46","end_time":"1732.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1732.91","end_time":"1733.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1733.42","end_time":"1733.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1733.74","end_time":"1733.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1733.87","end_time":"1733.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1733.98","end_time":"1734.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1735.04","end_time":"1735.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1735.29","end_time":"1735.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1735.63","end_time":"1736.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1736.13","end_time":"1736.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1736.36","end_time":"1736.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1736.67","end_time":"1736.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1736.77","end_time":"1737.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1737.24","end_time":"1737.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1737.42","end_time":"1738.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"456"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1738.54","end_time":"1738.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1738.66","end_time":"1739.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1740.31","end_time":"1740.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1741.29","end_time":"1741.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1741.41","end_time":"1741.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1741.57","end_time":"1741.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8262","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1741.7","end_time":"1741.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1741.94","end_time":"1742.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1742.05","end_time":"1742.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1742.32","end_time":"1742.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1742.6","end_time":"1742.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1742.69","end_time":"1743.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"arguments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1743.92","end_time":"1744.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1745.14","end_time":"1745.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1745.33","end_time":"1745.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9613","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1745.49","end_time":"1745.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1745.74","end_time":"1745.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1745.85","end_time":"1746.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1746.14","end_time":"1746.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1746.34","end_time":"1746.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1746.82","end_time":"1746.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1746.98","end_time":"1747.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1747.41","end_time":"1747.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"needs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1747.6","end_time":"1747.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1747.68","end_time":"1747.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1747.82","end_time":"1748.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1748.03","end_time":"1748.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1748.22","end_time":"1748.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1748.3","end_time":"1748.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1748.79","end_time":"1748.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1748.88","end_time":"1749.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1751.04","end_time":"1751.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1751.24","end_time":"1751.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3736","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1751.37","end_time":"1751.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1751.58","end_time":"1751.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1752.57","end_time":"1752.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1752.72","end_time":"1753.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.15","end_time":"1753.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.27","end_time":"1753.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.7","end_time":"1753.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1753.82","end_time":"1754.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1754.26","end_time":"1754.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7689","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1754.46","end_time":"1754.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8213","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.14","end_time":"1756.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.58","end_time":"1756.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6291","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.72","end_time":"1756.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6291","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1756.84","end_time":"1757.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.18","end_time":"1757.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.27","end_time":"1757.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"largest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1757.74","end_time":"1758.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1758.61","end_time":"1758.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1759.51","end_time":"1760.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Similarly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1760.1","end_time":"1760.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1760.19","end_time":"1760.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8126","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1760.36","end_time":"1760.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8126","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1760.59","end_time":"1760.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1760.66","end_time":"1761.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smallest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1761.2","end_time":"1761.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1762.23","end_time":"1762.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1762.43","end_time":"1762.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6573","content":"comma"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1762.88","end_time":"1763.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1763.83","end_time":"1764.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1764.15","end_time":"1764.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1764.27","end_time":"1764.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1764.64","end_time":"1765.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1765.24","end_time":"1765.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1765.61","end_time":"1765.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1765.76","end_time":"1766.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1766.21","end_time":"1766.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1766.74","end_time":"1766.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1766.84","end_time":"1766.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1766.92","end_time":"1767.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1767.17","end_time":"1767.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1768.26","end_time":"1768.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9829","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1768.46","end_time":"1768.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1768.56","end_time":"1768.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1768.68","end_time":"1768.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6576","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1768.82","end_time":"1768.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6576","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1768.89","end_time":"1769.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1769.14","end_time":"1769.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1769.27","end_time":"1769.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1769.57","end_time":"1769.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"To"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1769.66","end_time":"1769.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1770.29","end_time":"1770.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.42","end_time":"1770.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lowest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.82","end_time":"1770.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8141","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1770.93","end_time":"1771.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"79"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1771.51","end_time":"1771.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7763","content":"On"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.6","end_time":"1771.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1771.69","end_time":"1772.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"highest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1772.1","end_time":"1772.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1772.25","end_time":"1772.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996499999999999","content":"91"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1777.64","end_time":"1778.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5434","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1780.94","end_time":"1780.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4083","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1780.99","end_time":"1781.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4952","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1782.6","end_time":"1782.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1782.92","end_time":"1783.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1783.18","end_time":"1783.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1783.41","end_time":"1783.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6069","content":"temp"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1784.83","end_time":"1785.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1785.09","end_time":"1785.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1785.18","end_time":"1785.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1785.51","end_time":"1786.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1788.18","end_time":"1788.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1788.58","end_time":"1788.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8761","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1788.79","end_time":"1789.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1789.06","end_time":"1789.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1789.26","end_time":"1789.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1789.4","end_time":"1789.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1795.12","end_time":"1795.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1795.53","end_time":"1795.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9574","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1795.75","end_time":"1795.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1795.91","end_time":"1796.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9604","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.2","end_time":"1796.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.32","end_time":"1796.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.71","end_time":"1796.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1796.87","end_time":"1797.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6715","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1801.14","end_time":"1801.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.34","end_time":"1801.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.45","end_time":"1801.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.7","end_time":"1801.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1801.82","end_time":"1802.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7825","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.06","end_time":"1802.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5863","content":"pull"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1802.43","end_time":"1802.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.57","end_time":"1802.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.73","end_time":"1802.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.93","end_time":"1802.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1802.99","end_time":"1803.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.1","end_time":"1803.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.19","end_time":"1803.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9737","content":"ordered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.57","end_time":"1803.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4326","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1803.86","end_time":"1803.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5938","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1803.97","end_time":"1804.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1804.11","end_time":"1804.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1804.16","end_time":"1804.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1804.32","end_time":"1804.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1804.72","end_time":"1804.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"term"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1804.93","end_time":"1805.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.04","end_time":"1805.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.13","end_time":"1805.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9412","content":"ordered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.45","end_time":"1805.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.741","content":"pair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.75","end_time":"1805.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1805.88","end_time":"1806.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1806.01","end_time":"1806.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1806.13","end_time":"1806.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1806.27","end_time":"1806.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1806.52","end_time":"1806.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1806.83","end_time":"1806.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8907","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1806.9","end_time":"1807.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1807.16","end_time":"1807.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1807.42","end_time":"1807.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6706","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1807.51","end_time":"1807.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8398","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1807.76","end_time":"1808.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1808.42","end_time":"1808.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1808.61","end_time":"1808.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9719","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1810.64","end_time":"1811.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1811.72","end_time":"1811.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8867","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1811.89","end_time":"1811.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1811.94","end_time":"1812.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1812.11","end_time":"1812.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1812.28","end_time":"1812.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1812.38","end_time":"1812.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1813.24","end_time":"1813.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9331","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1816.04","end_time":"1816.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.3","end_time":"1816.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1816.52","end_time":"1816.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1817.29","end_time":"1817.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5579","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1836.11","end_time":"1836.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1836.51","end_time":"1836.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1836.68","end_time":"1837.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1838.88","end_time":"1839.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.13","end_time":"1839.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5654","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.46","end_time":"1839.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1839.61","end_time":"1840.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1840.92","end_time":"1841.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.832","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1841.13","end_time":"1841.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5172","content":"bull"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1841.69","end_time":"1842.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1842.16","end_time":"1842.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4596","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.28","end_time":"1842.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5271","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.39","end_time":"1842.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1842.69","end_time":"1843.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1844.94","end_time":"1845.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.15","end_time":"1845.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.27","end_time":"1845.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.49","end_time":"1845.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1845.84","end_time":"1846.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1846.5","end_time":"1847.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5225","content":"common"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.01","end_time":"1847.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.14","end_time":"1847.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.36","end_time":"1847.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.55","end_time":"1847.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1847.64","end_time":"1848.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1848.09","end_time":"1848.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1848.48","end_time":"1848.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1849.0","end_time":"1849.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.12","end_time":"1849.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.35","end_time":"1849.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6193","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.63","end_time":"1849.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6715","content":"saved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1849.98","end_time":"1850.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1850.35","end_time":"1850.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1850.64","end_time":"1850.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1850.84","end_time":"1851.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1851.07","end_time":"1851.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"We"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1851.17","end_time":"1851.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7331","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1851.28","end_time":"1851.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.16","end_time":"1852.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.55","end_time":"1852.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1852.73","end_time":"1853.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9105","content":"separate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.09","end_time":"1853.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1853.65","end_time":"1853.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1853.8","end_time":"1854.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1854.41","end_time":"1854.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1854.91","end_time":"1855.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"highest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.39","end_time":"1855.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6878","content":"temp"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.6","end_time":"1855.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6788","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.68","end_time":"1855.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1855.76","end_time":"1856.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"lowest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1856.14","end_time":"1856.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4176","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1857.14","end_time":"1857.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9772","content":"Huh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1861.09","end_time":"1861.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1861.58","end_time":"1861.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1861.74","end_time":"1861.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1861.91","end_time":"1862.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.21","end_time":"1862.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.32","end_time":"1862.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.62","end_time":"1862.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1862.8","end_time":"1863.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1864.36","end_time":"1864.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1864.97","end_time":"1865.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.36","end_time":"1865.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.46","end_time":"1865.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.74","end_time":"1865.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.88","end_time":"1865.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1865.96","end_time":"1866.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9553","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.32","end_time":"1866.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.47","end_time":"1866.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.72","end_time":"1866.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1866.96","end_time":"1867.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.16","end_time":"1867.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"sequences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.66","end_time":"1867.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1867.75","end_time":"1868.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1868.74","end_time":"1869.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9576","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1869.48","end_time":"1869.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9598","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.31","end_time":"1870.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.606","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1870.49","end_time":"1871.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4098","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.28","end_time":"1871.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1871.77","end_time":"1872.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.01","end_time":"1872.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"own"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.44","end_time":"1872.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.73","end_time":"1872.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1872.9","end_time":"1873.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5552","content":"min"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.16","end_time":"1873.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.32","end_time":"1873.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9144","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1873.66","end_time":"1874.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"methods"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1874.8","end_time":"1875.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.01","end_time":"1875.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.19","end_time":"1875.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.37","end_time":"1875.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.61","end_time":"1875.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1875.68","end_time":"1876.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1876.03","end_time":"1876.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1876.6","end_time":"1876.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1876.95","end_time":"1877.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1877.98","end_time":"1878.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.24","end_time":"1878.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.49","end_time":"1878.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6877","content":"adopt"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1878.81","end_time":"1879.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7044","content":"men"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.03","end_time":"1879.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8552","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.16","end_time":"1879.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1879.39","end_time":"1879.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9667","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.12","end_time":"1880.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.33","end_time":"1880.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.5","end_time":"1880.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"air"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1880.64","end_time":"1881.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"faster"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1881.53","end_time":"1881.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1881.69","end_time":"1881.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1881.78","end_time":"1881.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1881.87","end_time":"1882.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1882.04","end_time":"1882.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9568","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1882.39","end_time":"1883.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3664","content":"arrays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1883.05","end_time":"1883.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8464","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1883.32","end_time":"1883.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1883.66","end_time":"1883.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1883.8","end_time":"1884.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1884.05","end_time":"1884.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1884.84","end_time":"1884.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1884.98","end_time":"1885.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4724","content":"min"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1885.21","end_time":"1885.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1885.34","end_time":"1885.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9402","content":"max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1885.59","end_time":"1885.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1885.7","end_time":"1885.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1885.8","end_time":"1886.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specifically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1886.89","end_time":"1887.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"meant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1887.22","end_time":"1887.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1887.39","end_time":"1887.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7431","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1887.52","end_time":"1887.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7649","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1887.95","end_time":"1888.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1888.28","end_time":"1888.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1888.49","end_time":"1888.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1888.88","end_time":"1889.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"General"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1889.38","end_time":"1889.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7373","content":"Min"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1889.55","end_time":"1889.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1889.67","end_time":"1890.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9836","content":"Max"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1890.03","end_time":"1890.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1890.31","end_time":"1890.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1890.51","end_time":"1891.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9751","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1891.02","end_time":"1891.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9827","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.16","end_time":"1891.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.34","end_time":"1891.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.41","end_time":"1891.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.6","end_time":"1891.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1891.81","end_time":"1892.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optimized"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.43","end_time":"1892.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.54","end_time":"1892.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1892.74","end_time":"1893.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8764","content":"settings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1893.17","end_time":"1893.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9041","content":"It'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1893.36","end_time":"1893.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1893.51","end_time":"1893.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1893.63","end_time":"1893.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1893.71","end_time":"1894.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"faster"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1894.12","end_time":"1894.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.809","content":"results"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1897.71","end_time":"1898.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9413","content":"No"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1901.54","end_time":"1901.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.806","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1901.73","end_time":"1901.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1901.89","end_time":"1902.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1902.04","end_time":"1902.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1902.23","end_time":"1902.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1902.29","end_time":"1902.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1902.61","end_time":"1902.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1902.72","end_time":"1902.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1902.81","end_time":"1903.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"exams"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1903.32","end_time":"1903.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1903.63","end_time":"1903.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1903.81","end_time":"1903.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1903.96","end_time":"1904.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1904.2","end_time":"1904.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"reference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1904.88","end_time":"1905.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1905.07","end_time":"1905.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1905.18","end_time":"1905.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"book"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1905.42","end_time":"1905.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1905.51","end_time":"1905.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1905.84","end_time":"1905.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1905.96","end_time":"1906.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1906.1","end_time":"1906.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assignments"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1907.03","end_time":"1907.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"Definitely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1907.44","end_time":"1907.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6285","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1908.64","end_time":"1908.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6393","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1908.82","end_time":"1908.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9215","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1909.1","end_time":"1909.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1913.94","end_time":"1914.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7903","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1917.1","end_time":"1917.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1917.35","end_time":"1917.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1917.49","end_time":"1917.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1917.56","end_time":"1917.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1917.65","end_time":"1917.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1917.93","end_time":"1918.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1918.07","end_time":"1918.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1921.19","end_time":"1921.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1921.38","end_time":"1921.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1921.68","end_time":"1921.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1921.87","end_time":"1922.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1922.19","end_time":"1922.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1922.33","end_time":"1922.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9687","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1922.41","end_time":"1922.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.699","content":"race"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1922.75","end_time":"1923.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"specifically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1924.44","end_time":"1924.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1924.65","end_time":"1924.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1924.89","end_time":"1925.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1925.13","end_time":"1925.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1925.23","end_time":"1925.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9201","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1925.36","end_time":"1925.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8639","content":"ray"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1925.98","end_time":"1926.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1926.18","end_time":"1926.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1926.41","end_time":"1926.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1926.57","end_time":"1926.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8308","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1927.71","end_time":"1927.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1927.87","end_time":"1928.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9325","content":"N"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1928.14","end_time":"1928.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9438","content":"P"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1931.14","end_time":"1931.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1931.57","end_time":"1931.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1931.73","end_time":"1931.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1931.95","end_time":"1932.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1932.29","end_time":"1932.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7314","content":"numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1932.47","end_time":"1932.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8057","content":"pie"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1932.7","end_time":"1933.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1933.44","end_time":"1933.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9327","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1934.51","end_time":"1934.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1934.72","end_time":"1935.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.03","end_time":"1935.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.38","end_time":"1935.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.64","end_time":"1935.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.73","end_time":"1935.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1935.79","end_time":"1936.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1936.61","end_time":"1937.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.1","end_time":"1937.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1937.94","end_time":"1938.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6771","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1938.24","end_time":"1939.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specifically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1939.0","end_time":"1939.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1939.19","end_time":"1939.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1939.31","end_time":"1939.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9809","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1940.6","end_time":"1940.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1941.99","end_time":"1942.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.14","end_time":"1942.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.31","end_time":"1942.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.5","end_time":"1942.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.6","end_time":"1942.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8812","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1942.73","end_time":"1943.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.27","end_time":"1943.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.56","end_time":"1943.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1943.66","end_time":"1944.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"anything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1944.03","end_time":"1944.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1945.31","end_time":"1945.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.4","end_time":"1945.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1945.53","end_time":"1945.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1948.32","end_time":"1948.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"Do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.45","end_time":"1948.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.446","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.51","end_time":"1948.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9769","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.64","end_time":"1948.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.73","end_time":"1948.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1948.96","end_time":"1949.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9194","content":"Eliane"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1950.54","end_time":"1950.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.839","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1951.08","end_time":"1951.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.39","end_time":"1951.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1951.82","end_time":"1952.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.02","end_time":"1952.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.14","end_time":"1952.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.34","end_time":"1952.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.59","end_time":"1952.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1952.96","end_time":"1953.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"built"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.27","end_time":"1953.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1953.41","end_time":"1953.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1954.42","end_time":"1954.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1954.64","end_time":"1954.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8184","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1954.77","end_time":"1955.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.15","end_time":"1955.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9647","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.27","end_time":"1955.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7316","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.32","end_time":"1955.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.807","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.56","end_time":"1955.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.69","end_time":"1955.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.78","end_time":"1955.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1955.94","end_time":"1956.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.09","end_time":"1956.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.2","end_time":"1956.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.34","end_time":"1956.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.54","end_time":"1956.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1956.79","end_time":"1956.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9637","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1956.94","end_time":"1957.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"apparently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1959.04","end_time":"1959.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6871","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1959.42","end_time":"1959.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.6","end_time":"1959.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1959.72","end_time":"1960.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1963.7","end_time":"1964.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8663","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1964.37","end_time":"1964.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1964.8","end_time":"1964.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1964.96","end_time":"1965.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.02","end_time":"1965.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"couple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.34","end_time":"1965.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.54","end_time":"1965.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.82","end_time":"1965.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1965.93","end_time":"1966.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.13","end_time":"1966.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.31","end_time":"1966.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1966.37","end_time":"1966.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.645","content":"dio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.25","end_time":"1967.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8617","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.54","end_time":"1967.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1967.84","end_time":"1967.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1967.98","end_time":"1968.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1968.08","end_time":"1968.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1968.24","end_time":"1968.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1968.4","end_time":"1969.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"examples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.0","end_time":"1969.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.12","end_time":"1969.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.42","end_time":"1969.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.53","end_time":"1969.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.8","end_time":"1969.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1969.89","end_time":"1970.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8308","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1970.01","end_time":"1970.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1971.02","end_time":"1971.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.777","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1971.47","end_time":"1971.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1971.73","end_time":"1972.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1972.23","end_time":"1972.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1972.33","end_time":"1973.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6594","content":"temperature's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.04","end_time":"1973.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1973.27","end_time":"1973.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7792","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1973.46","end_time":"1973.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.67","end_time":"1974.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1974.79","end_time":"1975.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.02","end_time":"1975.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.1","end_time":"1975.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gave"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.39","end_time":"1975.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.54","end_time":"1975.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.66","end_time":"1975.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1975.85","end_time":"1976.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1976.08","end_time":"1976.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1978.94","end_time":"1979.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.16","end_time":"1979.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.57","end_time":"1979.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1979.77","end_time":"1980.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.07","end_time":"1980.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.38","end_time":"1980.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.55","end_time":"1980.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1980.8","end_time":"1981.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1981.03","end_time":"1981.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1981.22","end_time":"1981.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1981.73","end_time":"1982.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1982.05","end_time":"1982.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9427","content":"entry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1982.42","end_time":"1982.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9415","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1982.53","end_time":"1982.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1982.97","end_time":"1983.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.37","end_time":"1983.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4889","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.47","end_time":"1983.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4623","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.62","end_time":"1983.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1983.99","end_time":"1984.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"2nd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1984.99","end_time":"1985.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9823","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1985.47","end_time":"1985.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1985.68","end_time":"1985.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1985.77","end_time":"1985.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1985.95","end_time":"1986.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.09","end_time":"1986.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.15","end_time":"1986.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.48","end_time":"1986.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1986.68","end_time":"1987.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5513","content":"t"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.18","end_time":"1987.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.4","end_time":"1987.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.59","end_time":"1987.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1987.88","end_time":"1988.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"visualize"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.51","end_time":"1988.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6469","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.6","end_time":"1988.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9035","content":"state"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.87","end_time":"1988.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1988.99","end_time":"1989.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1989.07","end_time":"1989.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1989.39","end_time":"1989.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1990.14","end_time":"1990.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.52","end_time":"1990.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.74","end_time":"1990.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1990.82","end_time":"1991.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"sorting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1991.35","end_time":"1992.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1992.78","end_time":"1993.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1993.53","end_time":"1993.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1993.95","end_time":"1994.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.18","end_time":"1994.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5305","content":"dump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.49","end_time":"1994.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6278","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1994.62","end_time":"1995.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1995.83","end_time":"1996.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1996.05","end_time":"1996.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.16","end_time":"1996.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.28","end_time":"1996.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.38","end_time":"1996.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.59","end_time":"1996.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.65","end_time":"1996.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1996.96","end_time":"1997.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1997.22","end_time":"1997.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"sorting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1997.64","end_time":"1998.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"1998.08","end_time":"1998.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.14","end_time":"1998.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.33","end_time":"1998.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1998.45","end_time":"1998.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.03","end_time":"1999.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.13","end_time":"1999.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.4","end_time":"1999.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.48","end_time":"1999.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"1999.57","end_time":"2000.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2000.15","end_time":"2000.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.35","end_time":"2000.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.52","end_time":"2000.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2000.79","end_time":"2001.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8106","content":"NP"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2001.38","end_time":"2001.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2001.68","end_time":"2001.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2001.78","end_time":"2001.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2001.96","end_time":"2002.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2002.03","end_time":"2002.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"imported"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2002.6","end_time":"2002.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2002.78","end_time":"2002.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2002.92","end_time":"2003.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"imported"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2003.43","end_time":"2003.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2003.89","end_time":"2004.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7485","content":"np"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.08","end_time":"2005.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.48","end_time":"2005.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.56","end_time":"2005.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.75","end_time":"2005.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.83","end_time":"2005.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2005.91","end_time":"2006.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2006.47","end_time":"2006.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.65","end_time":"2006.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2006.77","end_time":"2007.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2007.74","end_time":"2007.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2007.92","end_time":"2008.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.06","end_time":"2008.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.47","end_time":"2008.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.78","end_time":"2008.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2008.89","end_time":"2009.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2009.09","end_time":"2009.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2009.95","end_time":"2010.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.81","end_time":"2010.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4237","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2010.89","end_time":"2011.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2011.44","end_time":"2011.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.58","end_time":"2011.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.75","end_time":"2011.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2011.97","end_time":"2012.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2012.92","end_time":"2013.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2013.44","end_time":"2013.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2015.35","end_time":"2015.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5939","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.31","end_time":"2017.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.49","end_time":"2017.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"provide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2017.94","end_time":"2018.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2018.15","end_time":"2018.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"documentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2018.94","end_time":"2019.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2019.09","end_time":"2019.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2019.28","end_time":"2019.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2019.51","end_time":"2020.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"works"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2020.27","end_time":"2020.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2020.9","end_time":"2021.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8215","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.13","end_time":"2021.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.21","end_time":"2021.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2021.5","end_time":"2021.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2022.03","end_time":"2022.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5218","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2022.69","end_time":"2023.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2023.33","end_time":"2024.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parameters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2025.44","end_time":"2026.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2026.09","end_time":"2026.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9424","content":"n"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.32","end_time":"2026.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9466","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.5","end_time":"2026.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2026.76","end_time":"2027.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7425","content":"sore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2027.1","end_time":"2027.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.25","end_time":"2027.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.6","end_time":"2027.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9655","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2027.99","end_time":"2028.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2028.63","end_time":"2028.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8647","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2028.96","end_time":"2029.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.13","end_time":"2029.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.22","end_time":"2029.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"returns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2029.63","end_time":"2030.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"assorted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.17","end_time":"2030.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"copy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.53","end_time":"2030.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.74","end_time":"2030.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2030.88","end_time":"2031.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.66","end_time":"2031.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2031.85","end_time":"2032.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"These"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.03","end_time":"2032.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.22","end_time":"2032.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2032.95","end_time":"2033.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2033.49","end_time":"2034.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parameters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2034.18","end_time":"2034.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2034.3","end_time":"2034.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2034.41","end_time":"2034.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2034.52","end_time":"2034.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2035.38","end_time":"2036.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"specify"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2036.01","end_time":"2036.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2036.28","end_time":"2036.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2036.41","end_time":"2036.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2036.68","end_time":"2036.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2036.83","end_time":"2037.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2037.0","end_time":"2037.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2037.14","end_time":"2037.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6497","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2037.28","end_time":"2037.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6497","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2037.36","end_time":"2037.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2038.21","end_time":"2038.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8512","content":"They're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.36","end_time":"2038.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.49","end_time":"2038.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9741","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.55","end_time":"2038.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2038.79","end_time":"2039.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.23","end_time":"2039.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4445","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.3","end_time":"2039.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4646","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.41","end_time":"2039.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8341","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.57","end_time":"2039.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2039.81","end_time":"2040.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"quick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2040.12","end_time":"2040.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7518","content":"Thor"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2040.45","end_time":"2040.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9711","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.61","end_time":"2040.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.609","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2040.8","end_time":"2041.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2041.03","end_time":"2041.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6769","content":"none"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2041.84","end_time":"2042.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2042.19","end_time":"2042.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.32","end_time":"2042.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.46","end_time":"2042.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.6","end_time":"2042.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.69","end_time":"2042.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"worry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2042.88","end_time":"2043.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9468","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.03","end_time":"2043.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.17","end_time":"2043.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2043.35","end_time":"2043.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2044.34","end_time":"2044.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2045.46","end_time":"2046.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7463","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2046.24","end_time":"2046.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7266","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2048.94","end_time":"2049.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8146","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2050.14","end_time":"2050.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5417","content":"Wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2053.11","end_time":"2053.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2053.37","end_time":"2053.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2053.56","end_time":"2053.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2053.77","end_time":"2053.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2053.82","end_time":"2053.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2053.96","end_time":"2054.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2055.33","end_time":"2055.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6899","content":"N"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2055.6","end_time":"2055.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7009","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2055.8","end_time":"2056.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2056.1","end_time":"2056.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2056.51","end_time":"2056.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2056.66","end_time":"2057.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8187","content":"temps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2058.98","end_time":"2059.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"Immediately"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2059.61","end_time":"2060.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"after"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2060.01","end_time":"2060.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2060.41","end_time":"2060.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2062.01","end_time":"2062.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2062.17","end_time":"2062.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2062.3","end_time":"2062.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4939","content":"pronounce"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2062.74","end_time":"2063.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9729","content":"temps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2064.78","end_time":"2065.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"Temps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2065.08","end_time":"2065.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2065.22","end_time":"2065.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unchanged"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2065.97","end_time":"2066.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2066.74","end_time":"2067.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2067.39","end_time":"2067.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2067.58","end_time":"2068.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2068.05","end_time":"2068.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2068.61","end_time":"2068.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2068.75","end_time":"2069.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2069.5","end_time":"2069.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8573","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2069.7","end_time":"2070.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8585","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2070.19","end_time":"2070.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"manipulates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2070.96","end_time":"2071.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.12","end_time":"2071.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"shows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.36","end_time":"2071.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.45","end_time":"2071.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2071.58","end_time":"2072.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2072.39","end_time":"2072.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2072.56","end_time":"2072.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2072.68","end_time":"2072.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2072.89","end_time":"2073.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2073.13","end_time":"2073.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2073.9","end_time":"2074.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2074.28","end_time":"2074.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expressions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2074.89","end_time":"2075.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.09","end_time":"2075.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"done"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2075.38","end_time":"2075.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2075.53","end_time":"2075.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.64","end_time":"2075.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.83","end_time":"2075.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2075.99","end_time":"2076.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2076.06","end_time":"2076.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2076.49","end_time":"2076.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2076.92","end_time":"2077.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4858","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2077.48","end_time":"2078.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"calculate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.09","end_time":"2078.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.42","end_time":"2078.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.56","end_time":"2078.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.68","end_time":"2078.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.81","end_time":"2078.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2078.98","end_time":"2079.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2079.11","end_time":"2079.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2079.25","end_time":"2079.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2079.89","end_time":"2080.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.13","end_time":"2080.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.22","end_time":"2080.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.48","end_time":"2080.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.82","end_time":"2080.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2080.95","end_time":"2081.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2081.3","end_time":"2081.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"save"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2081.69","end_time":"2081.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2081.98","end_time":"2082.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.07","end_time":"2082.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.32","end_time":"2082.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.4","end_time":"2082.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.51","end_time":"2082.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9156","content":"save"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2082.85","end_time":"2083.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9675","content":"somewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2084.02","end_time":"2084.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2199","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.08","end_time":"2084.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6984","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.18","end_time":"2084.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2084.4","end_time":"2084.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2087.73","end_time":"2088.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7876","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2088.7","end_time":"2089.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9321","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2089.74","end_time":"2090.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2090.19","end_time":"2090.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2090.93","end_time":"2091.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2091.18","end_time":"2091.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2091.3","end_time":"2091.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5381","content":"n"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2091.5","end_time":"2091.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5386","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2091.94","end_time":"2092.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2092.6","end_time":"2093.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"includes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.2","end_time":"2093.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.84","end_time":"2093.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2093.97","end_time":"2094.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2094.3","end_time":"2094.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2094.42","end_time":"2095.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2097.24","end_time":"2098.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.37","end_time":"2100.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.57","end_time":"2100.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2100.77","end_time":"2101.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2101.4","end_time":"2101.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9343","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.73","end_time":"2101.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2101.82","end_time":"2102.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.06","end_time":"2102.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.36","end_time":"2102.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2102.44","end_time":"2103.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2103.4","end_time":"2104.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Calculate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2104.06","end_time":"2104.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2104.29","end_time":"2104.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2104.58","end_time":"2105.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"Discreet"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2105.24","end_time":"2105.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2105.95","end_time":"2106.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"along"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2106.39","end_time":"2106.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2106.5","end_time":"2106.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2106.79","end_time":"2107.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6369","content":"axis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2107.81","end_time":"2108.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9346","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2108.06","end_time":"2108.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2108.53","end_time":"2108.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2108.59","end_time":"2109.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2109.02","end_time":"2109.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9455","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2109.15","end_time":"2109.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2109.4","end_time":"2109.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2109.59","end_time":"2109.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"helps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2110.15","end_time":"2110.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2110.27","end_time":"2110.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2110.68","end_time":"2111.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2111.11","end_time":"2111.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2111.32","end_time":"2111.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2111.62","end_time":"2112.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2112.84","end_time":"2113.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2113.01","end_time":"2113.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2113.92","end_time":"2114.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2114.08","end_time":"2114.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"position"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2114.56","end_time":"2114.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2115.35","end_time":"2115.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2115.59","end_time":"2115.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2115.87","end_time":"2116.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2116.31","end_time":"2116.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2116.42","end_time":"2116.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"position"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2116.98","end_time":"2117.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2117.23","end_time":"2117.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2117.56","end_time":"2117.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2117.92","end_time":"2118.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2118.43","end_time":"2119.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"position"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2121.74","end_time":"2122.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.21","end_time":"2122.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.44","end_time":"2122.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2122.83","end_time":"2123.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2123.06","end_time":"2123.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2123.2","end_time":"2123.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2123.74","end_time":"2123.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2123.9","end_time":"2124.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.01","end_time":"2124.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.19","end_time":"2124.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.3","end_time":"2124.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.4","end_time":"2124.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9797","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.53","end_time":"2124.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.72","end_time":"2124.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2124.99","end_time":"2125.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2125.08","end_time":"2125.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2129.44","end_time":"2129.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2129.88","end_time":"2130.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2130.4","end_time":"2130.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2131.1","end_time":"2131.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2131.46","end_time":"2131.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2131.82","end_time":"2132.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.0","end_time":"2132.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2132.35","end_time":"2132.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.3","end_time":"2133.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.43","end_time":"2133.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.79","end_time":"2133.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2133.93","end_time":"2134.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.03","end_time":"2134.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.41","end_time":"2134.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7203","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.5","end_time":"2134.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.59","end_time":"2134.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2134.93","end_time":"2135.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.08","end_time":"2135.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.18","end_time":"2135.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"August"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2135.6","end_time":"2135.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2135.7","end_time":"2136.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dropped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.09","end_time":"2136.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2136.33","end_time":"2136.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degree"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2137.59","end_time":"2137.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2137.84","end_time":"2138.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2138.39","end_time":"2138.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2138.99","end_time":"2139.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.21","end_time":"2139.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.29","end_time":"2139.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.64","end_time":"2139.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2139.79","end_time":"2139.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8885","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2139.9","end_time":"2140.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.06","end_time":"2140.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.31","end_time":"2140.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.57","end_time":"2140.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8649","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2140.71","end_time":"2141.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stayed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.01","end_time":"2141.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2141.1","end_time":"2141.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.08","end_time":"2142.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.54","end_time":"2142.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.78","end_time":"2142.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2142.97","end_time":"2143.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9368","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.07","end_time":"2143.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dropped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.36","end_time":"2143.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2143.7","end_time":"2144.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degree"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2144.26","end_time":"2144.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2144.6","end_time":"2144.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2144.85","end_time":"2145.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2145.06","end_time":"2145.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9044","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2145.17","end_time":"2145.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8621","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2145.36","end_time":"2145.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2145.57","end_time":"2145.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2145.62","end_time":"2146.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degree"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2146.71","end_time":"2147.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2147.01","end_time":"2147.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.19","end_time":"2147.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.34","end_time":"2147.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"allows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.73","end_time":"2147.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.85","end_time":"2147.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2147.91","end_time":"2148.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"isolate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2148.52","end_time":"2148.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2148.84","end_time":"2149.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"extreme"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.39","end_time":"2149.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2149.83","end_time":"2150.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"changes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2150.36","end_time":"2150.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2150.58","end_time":"2150.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2150.81","end_time":"2151.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2151.2","end_time":"2151.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.42","end_time":"2151.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.49","end_time":"2151.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"minus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2151.92","end_time":"2152.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2152.81","end_time":"2153.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.03","end_time":"2153.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.14","end_time":"2153.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"significant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2153.8","end_time":"2154.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"difference"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2154.15","end_time":"2154.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2154.39","end_time":"2154.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2154.61","end_time":"2154.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"day"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2154.78","end_time":"2154.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2154.93","end_time":"2155.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2155.02","end_time":"2155.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2155.45","end_time":"2155.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7103","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2155.68","end_time":"2156.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"Really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2156.04","end_time":"2156.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cooled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2156.38","end_time":"2156.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"off"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2156.93","end_time":"2157.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2157.28","end_time":"2157.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2157.46","end_time":"2157.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9737","content":"date"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2158.64","end_time":"2159.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9339","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2159.64","end_time":"2160.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2160.06","end_time":"2160.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2160.27","end_time":"2161.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interesting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2166.71","end_time":"2167.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.02","end_time":"2167.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2167.88","end_time":"2168.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.02","end_time":"2168.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.11","end_time":"2168.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.3","end_time":"2168.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.48","end_time":"2168.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2168.55","end_time":"2168.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2169.1","end_time":"2170.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"differences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2174.13","end_time":"2174.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.35","end_time":"2174.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.46","end_time":"2174.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.61","end_time":"2174.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2174.93","end_time":"2175.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2176.32","end_time":"2176.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2176.55","end_time":"2176.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"length"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2176.91","end_time":"2177.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2177.08","end_time":"2177.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"differences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2179.81","end_time":"2180.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2180.16","end_time":"2180.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2180.65","end_time":"2181.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2181.11","end_time":"2181.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2181.85","end_time":"2182.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7542","content":"Where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2182.05","end_time":"2182.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6081","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2182.15","end_time":"2182.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2182.23","end_time":"2182.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"original"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2182.71","end_time":"2182.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8134","content":"Wright"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2182.9","end_time":"2183.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.1","end_time":"2183.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2183.47","end_time":"2184.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99885","content":"31"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2184.12","end_time":"2184.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9417","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.25","end_time":"2184.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9414","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.37","end_time":"2184.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2184.51","end_time":"2184.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2184.75","end_time":"2185.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2186.33","end_time":"2186.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2186.57","end_time":"2186.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2186.72","end_time":"2186.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2186.94","end_time":"2187.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2187.14","end_time":"2187.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2187.46","end_time":"2187.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2187.94","end_time":"2188.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.15","end_time":"2188.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2188.45","end_time":"2189.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2189.39","end_time":"2189.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"spaces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2189.99","end_time":"2190.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2190.38","end_time":"2190.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2190.71","end_time":"2191.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2191.4","end_time":"2191.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9646","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2191.85","end_time":"2192.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2192.05","end_time":"2192.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2192.16","end_time":"2192.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2192.41","end_time":"2193.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"31"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2193.23","end_time":"2193.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"days"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2193.61","end_time":"2193.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2193.84","end_time":"2194.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2194.12","end_time":"2194.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.06","end_time":"2195.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pairs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.71","end_time":"2195.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2195.83","end_time":"2196.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"days"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2205.22","end_time":"2205.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.55","end_time":"2205.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2205.9","end_time":"2206.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2207.63","end_time":"2208.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2208.32","end_time":"2208.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2209.08","end_time":"2209.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"Fahrenheit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2209.94","end_time":"2210.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.673","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2210.05","end_time":"2210.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"Celsius"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2211.8","end_time":"2212.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2212.04","end_time":"2212.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.18","end_time":"2212.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.45","end_time":"2212.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9418","content":"temps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2212.86","end_time":"2213.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.04","end_time":"2213.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2213.37","end_time":"2213.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6793","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.63","end_time":"2214.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8681","content":"fair"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2214.93","end_time":"2215.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2215.05","end_time":"2215.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9783","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2216.53","end_time":"2216.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2216.92","end_time":"2217.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.15","end_time":"2217.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.23","end_time":"2217.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.39","end_time":"2217.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2217.45","end_time":"2218.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"describe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.02","end_time":"2218.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6838","content":"tow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.5","end_time":"2218.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somebody"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2218.91","end_time":"2219.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2219.18","end_time":"2219.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9163","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2219.25","end_time":"2219.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9603","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2219.74","end_time":"2220.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"Celsius"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2220.45","end_time":"2220.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2220.65","end_time":"2220.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2220.74","end_time":"2221.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9646","content":"temperatures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2221.23","end_time":"2221.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7346","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2221.31","end_time":"2221.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2221.54","end_time":"2221.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2222.83","end_time":"2223.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.63","end_time":"2224.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.77","end_time":"2224.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2224.92","end_time":"2225.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.04","end_time":"2225.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.61","end_time":"2225.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2225.7","end_time":"2226.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"single"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2226.13","end_time":"2226.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2226.48","end_time":"2226.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2226.66","end_time":"2227.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"Fahrenheit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2227.05","end_time":"2227.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9573","content":"Celsius"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2227.56","end_time":"2227.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2227.7","end_time":"2227.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2227.95","end_time":"2228.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2228.1","end_time":"2228.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8921","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2228.26","end_time":"2228.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"formula"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2229.29","end_time":"2229.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9797","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2230.03","end_time":"2230.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2231.21","end_time":"2231.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2231.46","end_time":"2231.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2231.59","end_time":"2231.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2231.83","end_time":"2232.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.02","end_time":"2232.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.08","end_time":"2232.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.31","end_time":"2232.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2232.67","end_time":"2233.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.2","end_time":"2233.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.38","end_time":"2233.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"individual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2233.96","end_time":"2234.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2234.66","end_time":"2234.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2234.87","end_time":"2235.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9568","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.03","end_time":"2235.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"packaged"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.59","end_time":"2235.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.74","end_time":"2235.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2235.86","end_time":"2236.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.05","end_time":"2236.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2236.32","end_time":"2236.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.13","end_time":"2237.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.67","end_time":"2237.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2237.78","end_time":"2238.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2239.28","end_time":"2240.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"subtract"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2240.07","end_time":"2240.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99885","content":"32"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2240.75","end_time":"2241.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.01","end_time":"2241.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.31","end_time":"2241.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2241.47","end_time":"2241.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2242.53","end_time":"2242.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2242.71","end_time":"2242.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2242.97","end_time":"2243.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2245.29","end_time":"2245.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2245.48","end_time":"2245.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2245.6","end_time":"2245.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2245.72","end_time":"2246.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2246.56","end_time":"2247.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiply"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2247.98","end_time":"2248.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2248.27","end_time":"2248.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9802","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2248.43","end_time":"2248.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2248.85","end_time":"2249.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9156","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2249.04","end_time":"2249.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2249.42","end_time":"2250.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6071","content":"nights"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2253.13","end_time":"2253.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2253.84","end_time":"2254.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2254.11","end_time":"2254.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2255.43","end_time":"2255.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9291","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2255.55","end_time":"2255.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9448","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2257.43","end_time":"2257.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2257.61","end_time":"2257.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2257.73","end_time":"2257.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2257.83","end_time":"2258.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2258.05","end_time":"2258.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2258.11","end_time":"2258.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"save"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2258.51","end_time":"2259.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2259.38","end_time":"2259.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9053","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2259.46","end_time":"2259.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2259.69","end_time":"2259.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2259.93","end_time":"2260.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.03","end_time":"2260.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.4","end_time":"2260.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2260.72","end_time":"2261.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6327","content":"temp"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2261.08","end_time":"2261.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6051","content":"See"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2268.72","end_time":"2268.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2268.86","end_time":"2268.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2268.96","end_time":"2269.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2269.07","end_time":"2269.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2270.77","end_time":"2270.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2270.97","end_time":"2271.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.08","end_time":"2271.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.19","end_time":"2271.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.39","end_time":"2271.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2271.47","end_time":"2272.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5685","content":"differences"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2272.08","end_time":"2272.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2273.84","end_time":"2274.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2274.16","end_time":"2274.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2274.57","end_time":"2274.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7587","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2274.69","end_time":"2274.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7835","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2274.85","end_time":"2274.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2274.97","end_time":"2275.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2277.51","end_time":"2277.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4928","content":"N"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2277.83","end_time":"2278.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5295","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2278.08","end_time":"2278.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2278.41","end_time":"2278.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5681","content":"def"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2280.82","end_time":"2281.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2281.01","end_time":"2281.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9263","content":"Celsius"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2281.61","end_time":"2282.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"temperatures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2283.12","end_time":"2283.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2283.31","end_time":"2283.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2283.5","end_time":"2283.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2283.66","end_time":"2284.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2284.08","end_time":"2284.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degree"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2284.54","end_time":"2285.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"drop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2285.02","end_time":"2285.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2285.18","end_time":"2285.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2285.32","end_time":"2285.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2285.44","end_time":"2285.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2285.5","end_time":"2285.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2285.73","end_time":"2286.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degree"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2286.05","end_time":"2286.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9312","content":"Fahrenheit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2286.67","end_time":"2287.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"drop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2287.5","end_time":"2287.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2287.69","end_time":"2287.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6877","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2287.95","end_time":"2288.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2288.04","end_time":"2288.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968333333333333","content":"2.2"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2288.98","end_time":"2289.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2289.51","end_time":"2290.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"Celsius"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2290.1","end_time":"2290.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7091","content":"drop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2292.2","end_time":"2292.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2292.33","end_time":"2292.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2292.43","end_time":"2292.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5721","content":"friends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2293.32","end_time":"2293.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.47","end_time":"2293.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.56","end_time":"2293.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.65","end_time":"2293.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.83","end_time":"2293.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2293.96","end_time":"2294.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3987","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.02","end_time":"2294.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5125","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.31","end_time":"2294.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8683","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2294.4","end_time":"2295.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.03","end_time":"2295.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.18","end_time":"2295.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.27","end_time":"2295.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.42","end_time":"2295.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.53","end_time":"2295.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.71","end_time":"2295.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2295.91","end_time":"2296.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.0","end_time":"2296.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2296.26","end_time":"2297.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"calculation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2297.41","end_time":"2297.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2297.76","end_time":"2298.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2298.18","end_time":"2298.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2298.41","end_time":"2299.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2299.13","end_time":"2299.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pieces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2299.47","end_time":"2299.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2299.59","end_time":"2300.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2300.3","end_time":"2300.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2300.52","end_time":"2300.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7739","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2300.71","end_time":"2300.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2261","content":"rays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2300.91","end_time":"2301.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5642","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2301.01","end_time":"2301.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9136","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2304.07","end_time":"2304.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.22","end_time":"2304.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.37","end_time":"2304.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9841","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.71","end_time":"2304.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2304.87","end_time":"2305.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2305.12","end_time":"2305.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2305.17","end_time":"2305.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2305.69","end_time":"2305.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2305.86","end_time":"2305.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2305.96","end_time":"2306.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.21","end_time":"2306.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2306.35","end_time":"2306.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2308.42","end_time":"2308.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7901","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2310.32","end_time":"2310.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2310.89","end_time":"2311.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.17","end_time":"2311.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.28","end_time":"2311.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.41","end_time":"2311.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.67","end_time":"2311.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.84","end_time":"2311.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2311.9","end_time":"2312.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.25","end_time":"2312.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.82","end_time":"2312.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2312.96","end_time":"2313.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8392","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2313.29","end_time":"2313.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9638","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2313.45","end_time":"2313.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.0","end_time":"2314.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.34","end_time":"2314.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.46","end_time":"2314.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"elements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2314.88","end_time":"2315.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.07","end_time":"2315.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.15","end_time":"2315.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.39","end_time":"2315.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.5","end_time":"2315.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2315.95","end_time":"2316.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2317.98","end_time":"2318.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.829","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2318.87","end_time":"2319.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.24","end_time":"2319.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.36","end_time":"2319.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.47","end_time":"2319.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.68","end_time":"2319.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.78","end_time":"2319.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2319.99","end_time":"2320.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.07","end_time":"2320.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.41","end_time":"2320.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.55","end_time":"2320.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.67","end_time":"2320.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2320.91","end_time":"2321.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2321.28","end_time":"2321.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2322.01","end_time":"2322.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8437","content":"Python's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2322.45","end_time":"2322.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2322.64","end_time":"2322.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2322.97","end_time":"2323.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.14","end_time":"2323.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.29","end_time":"2323.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2323.39","end_time":"2323.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2324.4","end_time":"2324.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9869","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2324.56","end_time":"2325.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"finding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2325.02","end_time":"2325.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2325.25","end_time":"2325.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2325.37","end_time":"2325.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.1","end_time":"2326.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.57","end_time":"2326.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2326.87","end_time":"2327.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.06","end_time":"2327.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.35","end_time":"2327.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.52","end_time":"2327.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.74","end_time":"2327.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2327.86","end_time":"2328.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2328.38","end_time":"2328.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2328.63","end_time":"2328.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2328.73","end_time":"2328.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2328.93","end_time":"2329.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7624","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2329.06","end_time":"2329.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2329.29","end_time":"2330.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"bands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2330.61","end_time":"2330.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2330.92","end_time":"2331.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"11"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.37","end_time":"2331.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.57","end_time":"2331.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.81","end_time":"2331.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2331.98","end_time":"2332.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2332.31","end_time":"2332.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2332.42","end_time":"2332.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2332.5","end_time":"2332.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"band"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2333.32","end_time":"2333.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2333.97","end_time":"2334.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2334.15","end_time":"2334.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2334.25","end_time":"2334.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2334.68","end_time":"2334.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2334.91","end_time":"2335.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.05","end_time":"2335.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.25","end_time":"2335.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.31","end_time":"2335.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2335.71","end_time":"2335.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.76","end_time":"2335.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2335.98","end_time":"2336.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2336.13","end_time":"2336.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2336.21","end_time":"2336.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2336.37","end_time":"2336.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2336.48","end_time":"2337.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2338.42","end_time":"2338.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2338.65","end_time":"2338.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2338.78","end_time":"2338.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2338.89","end_time":"2339.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2339.12","end_time":"2339.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2339.23","end_time":"2339.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2339.46","end_time":"2339.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2339.55","end_time":"2340.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2341.92","end_time":"2342.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.08","end_time":"2342.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.25","end_time":"2342.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.47","end_time":"2342.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2342.75","end_time":"2342.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2342.95","end_time":"2343.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.01","end_time":"2343.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.2","end_time":"2343.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.54","end_time":"2343.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2343.9","end_time":"2344.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2344.5","end_time":"2344.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7319","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2344.73","end_time":"2344.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2344.84","end_time":"2345.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"wasn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.13","end_time":"2345.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.37","end_time":"2345.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2345.51","end_time":"2346.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2346.05","end_time":"2346.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2346.22","end_time":"2346.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2346.72","end_time":"2347.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2347.19","end_time":"2347.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3438","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2347.4","end_time":"2348.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"Integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2348.72","end_time":"2348.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2348.96","end_time":"2349.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2349.12","end_time":"2349.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2349.2","end_time":"2349.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2349.47","end_time":"2349.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"able"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2349.78","end_time":"2349.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2349.9","end_time":"2350.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"convert"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.27","end_time":"2350.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.36","end_time":"2350.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7643","content":"indigent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.79","end_time":"2350.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9565","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2350.9","end_time":"2351.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2351.0","end_time":"2351.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2351.39","end_time":"2351.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2353.42","end_time":"2353.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.66","end_time":"2353.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.79","end_time":"2353.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2353.93","end_time":"2354.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.52","end_time":"2355.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.77","end_time":"2355.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2355.88","end_time":"2356.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2356.3","end_time":"2356.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2356.52","end_time":"2356.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8306","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2357.09","end_time":"2357.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2357.5","end_time":"2357.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2357.84","end_time":"2358.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.42","end_time":"2358.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5269","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2358.7","end_time":"2359.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2359.12","end_time":"2359.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2359.37","end_time":"2359.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2360.03","end_time":"2360.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.22","end_time":"2360.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.39","end_time":"2360.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2360.47","end_time":"2360.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"strength"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2361.91","end_time":"2362.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.14","end_time":"2362.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.24","end_time":"2362.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6941","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.6","end_time":"2362.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2362.98","end_time":"2363.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2363.37","end_time":"2363.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8867","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2364.76","end_time":"2365.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.1","end_time":"2365.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.2","end_time":"2365.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2365.55","end_time":"2365.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2366.72","end_time":"2367.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.22","end_time":"2367.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.36","end_time":"2367.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"title"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2367.87","end_time":"2368.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9742","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.16","end_time":"2368.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.28","end_time":"2368.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.34","end_time":"2368.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2368.58","end_time":"2369.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"title"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2369.42","end_time":"2369.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3195","content":"raised"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2369.85","end_time":"2370.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.05","end_time":"2370.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"mixed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.38","end_time":"2370.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.62","end_time":"2370.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2370.84","end_time":"2371.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2371.04","end_time":"2371.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2371.52","end_time":"2371.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2371.66","end_time":"2371.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2371.95","end_time":"2372.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"turned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.29","end_time":"2372.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.48","end_time":"2372.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.59","end_time":"2372.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5588","content":"race"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.83","end_time":"2372.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9243","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2372.97","end_time":"2373.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.06","end_time":"2373.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2373.37","end_time":"2373.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2381.62","end_time":"2382.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2385.39","end_time":"2385.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7887","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2386.27","end_time":"2386.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2386.96","end_time":"2387.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2387.29","end_time":"2387.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2387.48","end_time":"2387.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2387.68","end_time":"2387.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2387.91","end_time":"2388.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2388.37","end_time":"2388.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.19","end_time":"2389.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.5","end_time":"2389.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.57","end_time":"2389.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.72","end_time":"2389.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2389.77","end_time":"2390.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2390.26","end_time":"2390.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2390.39","end_time":"2391.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2391.52","end_time":"2391.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2391.76","end_time":"2392.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9235","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2392.31","end_time":"2392.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2393.92","end_time":"2394.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2394.22","end_time":"2394.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8398","content":"follows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2394.55","end_time":"2394.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2394.73","end_time":"2395.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pattern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2395.69","end_time":"2395.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2395.98","end_time":"2396.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2396.16","end_time":"2396.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.43","end_time":"2396.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.53","end_time":"2396.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2396.94","end_time":"2397.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2397.35","end_time":"2398.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99992","content":"12345"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2398.75","end_time":"2398.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2398.92","end_time":"2399.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2399.12","end_time":"2399.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2399.28","end_time":"2399.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2399.6","end_time":"2400.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2400.08","end_time":"2401.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998675","content":"2468"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2401.18","end_time":"2401.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2402.07","end_time":"2402.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2403.41","end_time":"2403.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2403.75","end_time":"2403.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2403.91","end_time":"2404.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2404.37","end_time":"2404.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2404.76","end_time":"2404.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2404.86","end_time":"2405.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2405.26","end_time":"2405.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6815","content":"Ray"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2405.48","end_time":"2406.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2406.24","end_time":"2406.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2406.54","end_time":"2406.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2406.98","end_time":"2407.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2407.53","end_time":"2407.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2407.65","end_time":"2408.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.14","end_time":"2408.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.32","end_time":"2408.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"follow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.59","end_time":"2408.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2408.75","end_time":"2409.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pattern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2409.64","end_time":"2409.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2409.78","end_time":"2409.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2409.98","end_time":"2410.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.04","end_time":"2410.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.24","end_time":"2410.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2410.39","end_time":"2410.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tedious"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2410.8","end_time":"2411.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"especially"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2411.24","end_time":"2411.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2411.35","end_time":"2411.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2411.46","end_time":"2411.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2411.72","end_time":"2412.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2412.09","end_time":"2412.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2412.66","end_time":"2412.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2412.75","end_time":"2413.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2413.18","end_time":"2413.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2413.37","end_time":"2413.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2413.57","end_time":"2413.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2413.66","end_time":"2414.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.741","content":"1000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2414.75","end_time":"2415.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.0","end_time":"2415.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.12","end_time":"2415.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9714","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.24","end_time":"2415.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9742","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.31","end_time":"2415.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.67","end_time":"2415.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2415.84","end_time":"2416.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2416.05","end_time":"2416.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2416.27","end_time":"2416.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2417.19","end_time":"2417.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2417.52","end_time":"2417.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"since"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2417.86","end_time":"2418.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5614","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2418.1","end_time":"2418.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2418.17","end_time":"2418.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2418.49","end_time":"2418.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2418.77","end_time":"2418.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2418.85","end_time":"2419.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9757","content":"mathematical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2419.48","end_time":"2420.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9249","content":"pattern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.05","end_time":"2420.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.24","end_time":"2420.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.33","end_time":"2420.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9147","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.83","end_time":"2420.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9487","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2420.95","end_time":"2421.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"such"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.18","end_time":"2421.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2421.22","end_time":"2421.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sequence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2422.34","end_time":"2422.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.7","end_time":"2422.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2422.8","end_time":"2423.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.13","end_time":"2423.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2423.36","end_time":"2423.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.0","end_time":"2424.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9327","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.13","end_time":"2424.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9615","content":"generate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.65","end_time":"2424.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8795","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2424.74","end_time":"2425.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8184","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2425.52","end_time":"2425.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2425.92","end_time":"2426.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2426.19","end_time":"2426.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"such"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2426.51","end_time":"2426.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2426.74","end_time":"2426.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2426.83","end_time":"2427.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2427.76","end_time":"2428.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.71","end_time":"2428.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2428.9","end_time":"2429.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2429.03","end_time":"2429.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2429.36","end_time":"2429.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2429.49","end_time":"2430.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2431.45","end_time":"2432.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"arranges"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.19","end_time":"2432.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9604","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.29","end_time":"2432.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.62","end_time":"2432.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.77","end_time":"2432.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2432.99","end_time":"2433.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consecutive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2433.72","end_time":"2434.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.09","end_time":"2434.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2434.22","end_time":"2434.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2435.01","end_time":"2435.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6416","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2435.07","end_time":"2435.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9319","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2435.95","end_time":"2436.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2438.28","end_time":"2438.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2438.45","end_time":"2438.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2438.62","end_time":"2438.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2438.73","end_time":"2439.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"simplest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2439.34","end_time":"2439.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2440.08","end_time":"2440.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2440.26","end_time":"2440.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2440.43","end_time":"2440.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9729","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2440.83","end_time":"2441.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2441.27","end_time":"2441.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"provided"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2441.73","end_time":"2441.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2441.9","end_time":"2442.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.29","end_time":"2442.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8725","content":"dump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.59","end_time":"2442.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8825","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2442.71","end_time":"2443.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9772","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2443.3","end_time":"2443.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2443.61","end_time":"2443.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"you'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2443.81","end_time":"2444.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2444.09","end_time":"2444.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.628","content":"n"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2444.4","end_time":"2444.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6434","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2444.75","end_time":"2445.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.15","end_time":"2445.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2445.47","end_time":"2446.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2446.6","end_time":"2446.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.75","end_time":"2446.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2446.89","end_time":"2447.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2447.12","end_time":"2447.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2447.28","end_time":"2447.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"English"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2447.65","end_time":"2447.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2447.97","end_time":"2448.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4651","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.1","end_time":"2448.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4651","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.61","end_time":"2448.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.76","end_time":"2448.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2448.86","end_time":"2449.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.08","end_time":"2449.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.37","end_time":"2449.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2449.47","end_time":"2450.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2450.51","end_time":"2450.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2451.14","end_time":"2451.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2451.34","end_time":"2451.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2452.19","end_time":"2452.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2452.82","end_time":"2453.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"space"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2453.79","end_time":"2454.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.02","end_time":"2454.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.12","end_time":"2454.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"article"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.65","end_time":"2454.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2454.83","end_time":"2455.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2455.15","end_time":"2455.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.31","end_time":"2456.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.52","end_time":"2456.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2456.93","end_time":"2457.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2457.37","end_time":"2458.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.06","end_time":"2458.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.18","end_time":"2458.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2458.56","end_time":"2459.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2459.53","end_time":"2459.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7476","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2459.87","end_time":"2460.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2460.21","end_time":"2460.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2460.55","end_time":"2461.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2461.17","end_time":"2461.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7614","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.35","end_time":"2461.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2461.6","end_time":"2461.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2461.89","end_time":"2462.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2462.04","end_time":"2462.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2462.47","end_time":"2462.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2462.58","end_time":"2463.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2464.21","end_time":"2464.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2465.06","end_time":"2465.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2465.28","end_time":"2465.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2465.36","end_time":"2465.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2465.47","end_time":"2465.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2465.65","end_time":"2465.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2465.8","end_time":"2466.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2466.03","end_time":"2466.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2466.93","end_time":"2467.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.14","end_time":"2467.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9325","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.35","end_time":"2467.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.61","end_time":"2467.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2467.69","end_time":"2468.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2468.03","end_time":"2468.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2468.48","end_time":"2469.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8332","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2469.05","end_time":"2469.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2469.25","end_time":"2469.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2469.55","end_time":"2469.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2469.76","end_time":"2470.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.73","end_time":"2470.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2470.98","end_time":"2471.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2471.24","end_time":"2471.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2471.8","end_time":"2472.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.01","end_time":"2472.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.15","end_time":"2472.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2472.37","end_time":"2472.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2472.98","end_time":"2473.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2474.61","end_time":"2474.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5415","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2474.65","end_time":"2474.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2474.9","end_time":"2475.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2475.02","end_time":"2475.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.17","end_time":"2476.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.41","end_time":"2476.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.58","end_time":"2476.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.72","end_time":"2476.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2476.92","end_time":"2477.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"examples"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2478.3","end_time":"2478.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5353","content":"NP"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2478.74","end_time":"2479.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.02","end_time":"2479.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.26","end_time":"2479.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9512","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2479.68","end_time":"2480.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2482.79","end_time":"2483.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"starts"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2483.2","end_time":"2483.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2483.3","end_time":"2484.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2484.77","end_time":"2484.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2484.98","end_time":"2485.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.03","end_time":"2485.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.21","end_time":"2485.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9516","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.27","end_time":"2485.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.36","end_time":"2485.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8298","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.53","end_time":"2485.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.68","end_time":"2485.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2485.87","end_time":"2486.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2486.01","end_time":"2486.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2487.11","end_time":"2487.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.33","end_time":"2487.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2487.72","end_time":"2488.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.01","end_time":"2488.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.13","end_time":"2488.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.27","end_time":"2488.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.38","end_time":"2488.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2488.72","end_time":"2488.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9048","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2488.87","end_time":"2488.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2488.93","end_time":"2489.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.11","end_time":"2489.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.25","end_time":"2489.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2489.35","end_time":"2489.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2490.91","end_time":"2491.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.08","end_time":"2491.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.17","end_time":"2491.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.34","end_time":"2491.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.54","end_time":"2491.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.69","end_time":"2491.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2491.91","end_time":"2492.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2492.29","end_time":"2492.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2492.52","end_time":"2493.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2493.61","end_time":"2494.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2494.29","end_time":"2494.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2494.52","end_time":"2494.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.15","end_time":"2495.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.36","end_time":"2495.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.44","end_time":"2495.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"definitely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2495.9","end_time":"2496.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2496.31","end_time":"2496.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2497.46","end_time":"2497.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2497.63","end_time":"2497.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2497.88","end_time":"2497.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2497.99","end_time":"2498.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2498.3","end_time":"2498.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2498.78","end_time":"2498.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2498.87","end_time":"2499.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2499.11","end_time":"2499.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7643","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2499.23","end_time":"2499.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2500.56","end_time":"2500.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7204","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2501.3","end_time":"2501.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.69","end_time":"2501.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.82","end_time":"2501.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2501.92","end_time":"2502.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2502.15","end_time":"2502.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2502.28","end_time":"2502.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2502.57","end_time":"2503.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2503.16","end_time":"2503.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.27","end_time":"2503.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.54","end_time":"2503.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8164","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.63","end_time":"2503.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.78","end_time":"2503.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2503.84","end_time":"2504.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.17","end_time":"2504.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6982","content":"years"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2504.39","end_time":"2504.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8499","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.57","end_time":"2504.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2504.8","end_time":"2505.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2505.15","end_time":"2505.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"elements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2506.45","end_time":"2507.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"01234"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2507.74","end_time":"2507.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2507.97","end_time":"2508.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.27","end_time":"2508.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9878","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2508.78","end_time":"2509.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9369","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2509.76","end_time":"2510.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2510.09","end_time":"2510.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2510.24","end_time":"2510.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.1","end_time":"2511.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.82","end_time":"2511.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2511.91","end_time":"2512.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.17","end_time":"2512.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7653","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2512.28","end_time":"2512.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2515.56","end_time":"2515.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2515.77","end_time":"2515.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2515.94","end_time":"2516.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.07","end_time":"2516.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.26","end_time":"2516.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"including"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2516.7","end_time":"2516.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9716","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2518.58","end_time":"2519.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7889","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2519.5","end_time":"2519.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2519.68","end_time":"2519.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2519.95","end_time":"2520.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.04","end_time":"2520.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.34","end_time":"2520.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.69","end_time":"2520.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.84","end_time":"2520.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2520.93","end_time":"2521.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"create"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.32","end_time":"2521.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.43","end_time":"2521.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.82","end_time":"2521.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2521.91","end_time":"2522.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2523.07","end_time":"2523.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.37","end_time":"2523.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.5","end_time":"2523.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.59","end_time":"2523.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.68","end_time":"2523.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.84","end_time":"2523.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9847","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2523.96","end_time":"2524.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.02","end_time":"2524.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.25","end_time":"2524.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.32","end_time":"2524.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2524.68","end_time":"2524.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.8","end_time":"2524.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.89","end_time":"2524.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2524.96","end_time":"2525.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.08","end_time":"2525.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.14","end_time":"2525.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.38","end_time":"2525.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2525.7","end_time":"2526.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"else"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2526.49","end_time":"2526.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2527.07","end_time":"2527.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.23","end_time":"2527.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7002","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.4","end_time":"2527.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2527.7","end_time":"2528.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2528.4","end_time":"2528.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2528.56","end_time":"2528.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"putting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2528.96","end_time":"2529.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.27","end_time":"2529.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2529.7","end_time":"2530.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"argument"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2530.75","end_time":"2530.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3889","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2530.96","end_time":"2531.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4046","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.05","end_time":"2531.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.17","end_time":"2531.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.59","end_time":"2531.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2531.9","end_time":"2532.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.548","content":"n"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2532.12","end_time":"2532.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5615","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2532.26","end_time":"2532.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8965","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2532.54","end_time":"2532.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4798","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2532.69","end_time":"2532.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2608","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2532.95","end_time":"2533.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2533.11","end_time":"2533.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2533.54","end_time":"2534.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parameters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2535.08","end_time":"2535.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.3","end_time":"2535.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.38","end_time":"2535.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1st"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.75","end_time":"2535.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2535.93","end_time":"2536.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2536.2","end_time":"2536.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2536.31","end_time":"2536.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2536.47","end_time":"2536.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2536.54","end_time":"2537.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2537.29","end_time":"2537.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8145","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.46","end_time":"2537.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.54","end_time":"2537.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"2nd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2537.88","end_time":"2538.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.03","end_time":"2538.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.3","end_time":"2538.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.42","end_time":"2538.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.57","end_time":"2538.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9516","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2538.72","end_time":"2539.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2542.79","end_time":"2543.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.05","end_time":"2543.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.46","end_time":"2543.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2543.56","end_time":"2544.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"9"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2544.6","end_time":"2544.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2544.82","end_time":"2544.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2544.95","end_time":"2545.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.01","end_time":"2545.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2545.29","end_time":"2546.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"345678"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.4","end_time":"2547.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.61","end_time":"2547.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2547.76","end_time":"2548.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2548.32","end_time":"2549.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9293","content":"asymmetric"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2549.19","end_time":"2549.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9231","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2549.63","end_time":"2549.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2549.84","end_time":"2550.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2550.18","end_time":"2550.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2550.61","end_time":"2550.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2550.71","end_time":"2551.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.09","end_time":"2551.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.56","end_time":"2551.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2551.69","end_time":"2552.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2552.61","end_time":"2552.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2552.76","end_time":"2552.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2552.87","end_time":"2553.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2553.23","end_time":"2553.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2553.57","end_time":"2553.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2553.66","end_time":"2554.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.0","end_time":"2554.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.33","end_time":"2554.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2554.46","end_time":"2554.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2555.83","end_time":"2555.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2555.99","end_time":"2556.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.12","end_time":"2556.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.25","end_time":"2556.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.33","end_time":"2556.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2556.49","end_time":"2557.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unusual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2557.18","end_time":"2557.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.78","end_time":"2557.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2557.91","end_time":"2558.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.11","end_time":"2558.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.19","end_time":"2558.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.6","end_time":"2558.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2558.88","end_time":"2559.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9251","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.12","end_time":"2559.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.29","end_time":"2559.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2559.88","end_time":"2560.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2560.07","end_time":"2560.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5328","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2560.17","end_time":"2560.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"includes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2560.77","end_time":"2561.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2561.2","end_time":"2561.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2561.74","end_time":"2562.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6973","content":"endpoint"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2562.27","end_time":"2562.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2562.45","end_time":"2562.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2562.72","end_time":"2562.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2562.86","end_time":"2563.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2563.14","end_time":"2563.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9454","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2563.31","end_time":"2563.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2564.85","end_time":"2565.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2565.37","end_time":"2565.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2565.59","end_time":"2565.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"math"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2565.92","end_time":"2566.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"notation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.47","end_time":"2566.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2566.65","end_time":"2567.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"intervals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2567.24","end_time":"2567.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2567.36","end_time":"2567.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2567.61","end_time":"2568.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2569.0","end_time":"2569.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2570.56","end_time":"2570.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2570.91","end_time":"2571.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9669","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2571.03","end_time":"2571.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9645","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2572.4","end_time":"2572.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2572.82","end_time":"2573.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6108","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.08","end_time":"2573.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.21","end_time":"2573.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"included"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.77","end_time":"2573.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2573.94","end_time":"2574.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6991","content":"B"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2574.13","end_time":"2574.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8331","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2574.3","end_time":"2575.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"excluded"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2580.3","end_time":"2580.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7354","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2580.81","end_time":"2581.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2581.02","end_time":"2581.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2582.9","end_time":"2583.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2583.37","end_time":"2583.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2583.57","end_time":"2583.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2583.67","end_time":"2583.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7847","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2583.81","end_time":"2584.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.1","end_time":"2584.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.26","end_time":"2584.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.41","end_time":"2584.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.55","end_time":"2584.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.67","end_time":"2584.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2584.95","end_time":"2585.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"wantto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2585.77","end_time":"2586.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consecutive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2586.61","end_time":"2587.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2587.01","end_time":"2587.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.16","end_time":"2587.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.25","end_time":"2587.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.49","end_time":"2587.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.82","end_time":"2587.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9838","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2587.99","end_time":"2588.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8973","content":"follow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.32","end_time":"2588.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2588.85","end_time":"2589.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"regular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2589.39","end_time":"2589.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"pattern"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2590.19","end_time":"2590.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9873","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2590.79","end_time":"2591.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.17","end_time":"2591.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.31","end_time":"2591.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.64","end_time":"2591.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2591.96","end_time":"2592.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2592.29","end_time":"2592.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2592.54","end_time":"2592.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2592.76","end_time":"2593.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2593.05","end_time":"2593.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2593.26","end_time":"2593.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2593.64","end_time":"2593.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2593.97","end_time":"2594.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2594.36","end_time":"2594.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2595.28","end_time":"2595.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.57","end_time":"2595.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6498","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.76","end_time":"2595.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2595.96","end_time":"2596.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2596.3","end_time":"2596.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2596.61","end_time":"2597.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"1\/3"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2597.66","end_time":"2598.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7418","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2598.91","end_time":"2599.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8107","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.14","end_time":"2599.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5469","content":"N"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.32","end_time":"2599.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6537","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.48","end_time":"2599.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8688","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.75","end_time":"2599.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9701","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2599.9","end_time":"2600.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2600.2","end_time":"2600.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.33","end_time":"2600.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.53","end_time":"2600.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2600.94","end_time":"2601.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5328","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.16","end_time":"2601.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.38","end_time":"2601.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.48","end_time":"2601.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.61","end_time":"2601.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.81","end_time":"2601.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9705","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2601.91","end_time":"2602.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2602.2","end_time":"2602.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9447","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2602.84","end_time":"2602.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2602.97","end_time":"2603.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2603.08","end_time":"2603.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2603.29","end_time":"2603.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2603.47","end_time":"2603.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2603.61","end_time":"2603.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2603.89","end_time":"2604.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.28","end_time":"2604.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.37","end_time":"2604.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4612","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.47","end_time":"2604.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5432","content":"jumped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.72","end_time":"2604.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9836","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2604.84","end_time":"2605.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6118","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2605.4","end_time":"2605.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6805","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2605.65","end_time":"2605.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2605.79","end_time":"2605.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2605.88","end_time":"2606.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2606.09","end_time":"2606.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2606.69","end_time":"2607.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2607.03","end_time":"2607.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2607.34","end_time":"2607.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2607.65","end_time":"2607.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2607.76","end_time":"2607.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9307","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2607.88","end_time":"2608.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9025","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2608.14","end_time":"2608.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2608.28","end_time":"2608.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2611.74","end_time":"2612.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2612.46","end_time":"2612.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2612.67","end_time":"2612.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8723","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2612.89","end_time":"2613.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2613.06","end_time":"2613.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6292","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2613.4","end_time":"2613.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2613.56","end_time":"2613.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2613.68","end_time":"2613.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5878","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2613.84","end_time":"2614.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2614.08","end_time":"2614.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8829","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.3","end_time":"2614.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.43","end_time":"2614.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.49","end_time":"2614.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.83","end_time":"2614.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2614.97","end_time":"2615.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2616.3","end_time":"2616.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.46","end_time":"2616.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.59","end_time":"2616.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2616.8","end_time":"2617.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2617.46","end_time":"2618.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.04","end_time":"2618.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.13","end_time":"2618.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.35","end_time":"2618.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6857","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2618.48","end_time":"2618.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2619.09","end_time":"2619.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.626","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2619.26","end_time":"2619.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2619.36","end_time":"2619.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2619.58","end_time":"2619.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2619.94","end_time":"2620.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2620.85","end_time":"2621.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.02","end_time":"2621.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8666","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.08","end_time":"2621.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8666","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.17","end_time":"2621.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.44","end_time":"2621.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2621.89","end_time":"2622.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2622.31","end_time":"2622.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.2","end_time":"2623.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.4","end_time":"2623.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.5","end_time":"2623.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7219","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.69","end_time":"2623.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2623.93","end_time":"2624.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2624.12","end_time":"2624.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2624.88","end_time":"2625.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.12","end_time":"2625.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2625.81","end_time":"2626.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2626.0","end_time":"2626.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2626.17","end_time":"2626.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2626.51","end_time":"2626.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2626.77","end_time":"2626.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2626.93","end_time":"2627.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"eight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.33","end_time":"2627.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.52","end_time":"2627.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2627.68","end_time":"2628.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.01","end_time":"2628.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9659","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.21","end_time":"2628.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9653","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2628.36","end_time":"2629.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"13"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.07","end_time":"2629.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.2","end_time":"2629.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.34","end_time":"2629.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"five"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.63","end_time":"2629.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.81","end_time":"2629.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9179","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2629.95","end_time":"2630.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"18"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2630.6","end_time":"2630.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2630.77","end_time":"2631.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2631.02","end_time":"2631.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2632.4","end_time":"2632.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.57","end_time":"2632.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.68","end_time":"2632.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2632.82","end_time":"2633.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2633.9","end_time":"2634.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.13","end_time":"2634.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9682","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.27","end_time":"2634.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.604","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.4","end_time":"2634.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2634.54","end_time":"2634.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2634.79","end_time":"2635.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2635.21","end_time":"2635.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2636.1","end_time":"2636.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9387","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2637.66","end_time":"2637.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.806","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2637.84","end_time":"2637.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.792","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2637.95","end_time":"2638.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2638.11","end_time":"2638.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2639.9","end_time":"2640.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2640.57","end_time":"2640.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2640.99","end_time":"2641.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2643.13","end_time":"2643.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Positive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2643.62","end_time":"2643.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2643.95","end_time":"2644.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2645.16","end_time":"2645.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2645.48","end_time":"2645.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2645.66","end_time":"2646.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2656.54","end_time":"2657.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2658.89","end_time":"2658.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5077","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2658.93","end_time":"2659.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.755","content":"swear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2659.4","end_time":"2659.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7135","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2659.51","end_time":"2659.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2659.63","end_time":"2660.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2661.18","end_time":"2661.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2661.64","end_time":"2661.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2661.74","end_time":"2661.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2661.98","end_time":"2662.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"positive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2662.6","end_time":"2662.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2662.86","end_time":"2663.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2663.61","end_time":"2663.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2663.83","end_time":"2663.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"I'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2663.95","end_time":"2664.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.16","end_time":"2664.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2664.28","end_time":"2664.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9378","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2665.83","end_time":"2666.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.2","end_time":"2666.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2666.44","end_time":"2667.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2668.81","end_time":"2668.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2668.97","end_time":"2669.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2669.18","end_time":"2669.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2669.4","end_time":"2669.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8605","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2669.55","end_time":"2670.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2670.99","end_time":"2671.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.21","end_time":"2671.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.28","end_time":"2671.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.44","end_time":"2671.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.73","end_time":"2671.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2671.85","end_time":"2672.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6935","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2675.09","end_time":"2675.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2675.38","end_time":"2675.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2675.55","end_time":"2675.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2676.02","end_time":"2676.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.15","end_time":"2676.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.64","end_time":"2676.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2676.81","end_time":"2677.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2677.32","end_time":"2678.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"solution"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2678.94","end_time":"2679.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.05","end_time":"2679.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.22","end_time":"2679.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.39","end_time":"2679.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2679.75","end_time":"2680.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"solution"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2681.99","end_time":"2682.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9082","content":"Can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.14","end_time":"2682.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.21","end_time":"2682.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.74","end_time":"2682.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2682.96","end_time":"2683.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.07","end_time":"2683.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.27","end_time":"2683.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.64","end_time":"2683.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2683.78","end_time":"2684.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2684.05","end_time":"2684.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2684.26","end_time":"2684.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2684.35","end_time":"2684.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.803","content":"produce"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2684.73","end_time":"2684.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2684.85","end_time":"2685.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2685.18","end_time":"2685.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2689.53","end_time":"2689.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2689.66","end_time":"2689.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2689.83","end_time":"2689.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2689.96","end_time":"2690.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2690.03","end_time":"2690.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2690.11","end_time":"2690.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5153","content":"pop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2693.27","end_time":"2693.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8967","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2695.98","end_time":"2696.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2696.37","end_time":"2696.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2696.56","end_time":"2696.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2696.99","end_time":"2697.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2697.13","end_time":"2697.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8981","content":"clothes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2698.29","end_time":"2698.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2698.7","end_time":"2698.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2698.91","end_time":"2698.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2698.98","end_time":"2699.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9585","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.34","end_time":"2699.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.65","end_time":"2699.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2699.77","end_time":"2700.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976333333333334","content":"101"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2702.09","end_time":"2702.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9255","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2705.44","end_time":"2705.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.68","end_time":"2705.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2705.82","end_time":"2706.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.614","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.02","end_time":"2706.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.28","end_time":"2706.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.65","end_time":"2706.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2706.74","end_time":"2707.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2707.05","end_time":"2707.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.2","end_time":"2709.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2709.47","end_time":"2709.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.62","end_time":"2709.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.76","end_time":"2709.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2709.85","end_time":"2710.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2710.56","end_time":"2711.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96685","content":"100"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2711.1","end_time":"2711.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2711.23","end_time":"2712.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"99"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.37","end_time":"2713.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.54","end_time":"2713.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.68","end_time":"2713.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9549","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.8","end_time":"2713.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9549","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2713.86","end_time":"2714.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2714.29","end_time":"2714.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2714.66","end_time":"2714.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2714.75","end_time":"2714.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2714.98","end_time":"2715.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6581","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2715.11","end_time":"2716.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"99"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2716.39","end_time":"2716.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2716.57","end_time":"2716.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2716.79","end_time":"2717.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2717.03","end_time":"2717.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.19","end_time":"2717.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.27","end_time":"2717.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.39","end_time":"2717.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5831","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.53","end_time":"2717.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5831","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.59","end_time":"2717.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.87","end_time":"2717.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9377","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2717.97","end_time":"2718.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"98"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2718.49","end_time":"2719.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"anyway"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2722.98","end_time":"2723.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.08","end_time":"2723.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.19","end_time":"2723.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2723.31","end_time":"2723.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5262","content":"sounds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2728.29","end_time":"2728.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2728.55","end_time":"2728.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2728.83","end_time":"2729.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2729.12","end_time":"2729.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9827","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2729.3","end_time":"2729.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2729.41","end_time":"2729.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2729.75","end_time":"2730.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2730.49","end_time":"2730.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9496","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2732.34","end_time":"2732.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2732.45","end_time":"2732.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2732.56","end_time":"2732.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2732.67","end_time":"2732.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9549","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2732.99","end_time":"2733.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9462","content":"Questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2739.89","end_time":"2740.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2746.49","end_time":"2747.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2748.89","end_time":"2749.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.08","end_time":"2749.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.5","end_time":"2749.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2749.86","end_time":"2750.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.34","end_time":"2750.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2750.77","end_time":"2751.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2752.99","end_time":"2753.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2753.16","end_time":"2753.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2753.25","end_time":"2753.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2753.44","end_time":"2753.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2753.85","end_time":"2753.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8136","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2753.97","end_time":"2754.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2754.21","end_time":"2755.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2756.59","end_time":"2756.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2756.81","end_time":"2756.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2756.9","end_time":"2757.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8818","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2757.59","end_time":"2757.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2757.86","end_time":"2758.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.265","content":"yours"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2761.29","end_time":"2761.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2761.4","end_time":"2761.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6272","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2761.46","end_time":"2761.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2761.52","end_time":"2761.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2764.68","end_time":"2764.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6379","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2767.63","end_time":"2768.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9693","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2768.1","end_time":"2768.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2768.41","end_time":"2768.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instead"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2768.75","end_time":"2768.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2768.87","end_time":"2769.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2769.16","end_time":"2769.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mixed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2769.8","end_time":"2770.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2770.15","end_time":"2770.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2770.22","end_time":"2770.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2770.47","end_time":"2770.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2770.58","end_time":"2770.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2771.38","end_time":"2771.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2774.32","end_time":"2774.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9758","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2774.53","end_time":"2774.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2774.7","end_time":"2774.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2774.83","end_time":"2774.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2774.91","end_time":"2775.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2775.21","end_time":"2775.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9814","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2775.86","end_time":"2776.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2776.19","end_time":"2776.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2776.39","end_time":"2776.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2776.68","end_time":"2777.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9383","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.17","end_time":"2778.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.43","end_time":"2778.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2778.9","end_time":"2779.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2779.12","end_time":"2779.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2779.36","end_time":"2779.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2779.53","end_time":"2779.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2779.79","end_time":"2779.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2779.95","end_time":"2780.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2780.0","end_time":"2780.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2780.42","end_time":"2780.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2781.68","end_time":"2781.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2781.86","end_time":"2781.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6812","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2784.03","end_time":"2784.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2286","content":"Bye"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2784.38","end_time":"2784.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.649","content":"afloat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2786.28","end_time":"2786.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2788.34","end_time":"2788.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.54","end_time":"2788.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.74","end_time":"2788.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2788.95","end_time":"2789.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2789.21","end_time":"2789.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2789.64","end_time":"2789.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2789.8","end_time":"2790.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2791.28","end_time":"2791.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2791.48","end_time":"2791.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2791.76","end_time":"2791.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2791.87","end_time":"2791.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2791.98","end_time":"2792.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9881","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2792.21","end_time":"2792.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.35","end_time":"2792.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"output"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.74","end_time":"2792.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5816","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.87","end_time":"2792.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5618","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2792.95","end_time":"2793.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2793.72","end_time":"2794.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8835","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2794.17","end_time":"2794.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2794.37","end_time":"2794.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5328","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2794.45","end_time":"2794.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5753","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2794.78","end_time":"2795.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.07","end_time":"2795.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.28","end_time":"2795.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9785","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.38","end_time":"2795.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.65","end_time":"2795.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2795.76","end_time":"2796.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2796.13","end_time":"2796.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2796.4","end_time":"2797.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"consistently"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2797.09","end_time":"2797.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"throughout"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2797.95","end_time":"2798.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2798.16","end_time":"2798.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2798.28","end_time":"2798.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"any"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2798.47","end_time":"2798.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2798.57","end_time":"2798.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2798.72","end_time":"2798.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2798.81","end_time":"2799.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decimals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2799.85","end_time":"2800.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.06","end_time":"2800.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.34","end_time":"2800.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.42","end_time":"2800.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.57","end_time":"2800.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.65","end_time":"2800.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6868","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.83","end_time":"2800.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2800.94","end_time":"2801.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2801.31","end_time":"2801.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7756","content":"us"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2801.47","end_time":"2801.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9619","content":"floats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2804.52","end_time":"2804.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6078","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2804.79","end_time":"2804.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9711","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2804.99","end_time":"2805.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"Not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2806.98","end_time":"2807.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2807.26","end_time":"2807.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9507","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.44","end_time":"2807.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.51","end_time":"2807.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.74","end_time":"2807.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9586","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2807.91","end_time":"2808.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2808.1","end_time":"2808.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2808.44","end_time":"2808.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6974","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2808.6","end_time":"2808.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2808.91","end_time":"2809.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2809.28","end_time":"2809.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2809.41","end_time":"2809.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2809.9","end_time":"2810.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2810.98","end_time":"2811.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2811.39","end_time":"2811.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9345","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2811.5","end_time":"2811.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9423","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2811.84","end_time":"2811.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2811.98","end_time":"2812.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.05","end_time":"2812.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2812.35","end_time":"2812.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2812.94","end_time":"2813.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2814.98","end_time":"2815.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2822.18","end_time":"2822.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9283","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2822.49","end_time":"2822.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9731","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.57","end_time":"2822.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"depends"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2822.82","end_time":"2823.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.17","end_time":"2823.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.31","end_time":"2823.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.39","end_time":"2823.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.52","end_time":"2823.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.58","end_time":"2823.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2823.75","end_time":"2823.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2823.94","end_time":"2824.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.07","end_time":"2824.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.34","end_time":"2824.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"You'd"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.53","end_time":"2824.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"likely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2824.83","end_time":"2825.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5443","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2825.08","end_time":"2825.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5928","content":"arrived"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2825.39","end_time":"2825.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2825.94","end_time":"2826.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9172","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2826.13","end_time":"2826.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2826.26","end_time":"2826.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2826.37","end_time":"2826.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2826.56","end_time":"2826.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2826.95","end_time":"2827.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2827.18","end_time":"2827.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2827.78","end_time":"2827.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8169","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2827.95","end_time":"2828.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.58","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.06","end_time":"2828.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2609","content":"ray"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.28","end_time":"2828.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.41","end_time":"2828.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.61","end_time":"2828.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2828.71","end_time":"2829.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2829.12","end_time":"2829.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8892","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2830.07","end_time":"2830.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2830.4","end_time":"2830.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2830.52","end_time":"2830.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2830.72","end_time":"2831.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2831.03","end_time":"2831.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2831.18","end_time":"2831.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2831.51","end_time":"2831.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8815","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2831.91","end_time":"2832.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9566","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2832.52","end_time":"2832.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4174","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.63","end_time":"2832.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7274","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.75","end_time":"2832.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2832.9","end_time":"2833.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2833.27","end_time":"2834.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"47"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2834.09","end_time":"2834.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2834.19","end_time":"2834.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2835.52","end_time":"2835.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2835.79","end_time":"2835.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2835.96","end_time":"2836.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.17","end_time":"2836.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6175","content":"n"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.33","end_time":"2836.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6175","content":"p"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.46","end_time":"2836.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2836.71","end_time":"2837.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7194","content":"Arrange"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2837.19","end_time":"2837.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2837.31","end_time":"2837.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2837.61","end_time":"2837.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2837.76","end_time":"2838.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"chapter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2838.17","end_time":"2838.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2840.98","end_time":"2841.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8038","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2841.2","end_time":"2841.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2842.93","end_time":"2843.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2843.43","end_time":"2843.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2843.58","end_time":"2843.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2843.69","end_time":"2844.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2844.99","end_time":"2845.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2845.24","end_time":"2845.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2845.59","end_time":"2846.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"version"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2846.45","end_time":"2847.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9693","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2847.05","end_time":"2847.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9234","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2847.34","end_time":"2847.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2847.52","end_time":"2847.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9422","content":"step"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2848.62","end_time":"2849.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2849.02","end_time":"2849.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2849.14","end_time":"2849.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"understand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2849.63","end_time":"2849.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2849.7","end_time":"2850.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"previous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2850.16","end_time":"2850.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"versions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2851.26","end_time":"2851.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2851.42","end_time":"2851.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2851.71","end_time":"2851.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2851.96","end_time":"2852.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2852.07","end_time":"2852.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2852.45","end_time":"2852.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2852.58","end_time":"2853.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2853.05","end_time":"2853.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2853.43","end_time":"2853.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2853.59","end_time":"2853.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2853.73","end_time":"2854.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"omit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2854.14","end_time":"2854.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2854.65","end_time":"2854.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2854.84","end_time":"2854.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2854.95","end_time":"2855.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.08","end_time":"2855.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"omit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2855.5","end_time":"2855.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9126","content":"step"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2856.77","end_time":"2856.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2856.95","end_time":"2857.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"defaults"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2857.47","end_time":"2857.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5442","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2857.61","end_time":"2857.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9664","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2858.27","end_time":"2858.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2858.51","end_time":"2858.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2858.66","end_time":"2858.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6417","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2858.85","end_time":"2859.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.12","end_time":"2859.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9698","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.28","end_time":"2859.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.62","end_time":"2859.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.73","end_time":"2859.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2859.87","end_time":"2860.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2860.01","end_time":"2860.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2860.37","end_time":"2860.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"integer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2861.25","end_time":"2861.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.48","end_time":"2861.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2861.7","end_time":"2862.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"omit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2863.12","end_time":"2863.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2864.39","end_time":"2864.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9822","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2864.55","end_time":"2864.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9857","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2864.69","end_time":"2864.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8268","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2864.89","end_time":"2865.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"assume"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.19","end_time":"2865.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.3","end_time":"2865.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9853","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.42","end_time":"2865.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.79","end_time":"2865.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2865.87","end_time":"2866.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2866.76","end_time":"2867.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2867.05","end_time":"2867.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.17","end_time":"2867.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.3","end_time":"2867.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5565","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.61","end_time":"2867.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"omit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2867.96","end_time":"2868.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.24","end_time":"2868.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.33","end_time":"2868.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.49","end_time":"2868.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.59","end_time":"2868.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.79","end_time":"2868.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2868.9","end_time":"2869.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.04","end_time":"2869.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"least"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.3","end_time":"2869.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915499999999999","content":"11"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2869.98","end_time":"2870.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2871.14","end_time":"2871.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.33","end_time":"2871.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.45","end_time":"2871.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.56","end_time":"2871.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.73","end_time":"2871.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.82","end_time":"2871.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6288","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2871.97","end_time":"2872.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8978","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2872.31","end_time":"2872.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2872.81","end_time":"2872.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2872.94","end_time":"2873.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2873.2","end_time":"2873.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2873.45","end_time":"2873.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2873.55","end_time":"2873.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2873.72","end_time":"2873.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2873.96","end_time":"2874.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2874.5","end_time":"2874.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2874.73","end_time":"2875.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"practice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.21","end_time":"2875.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.46","end_time":"2875.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.54","end_time":"2875.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"help"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2875.78","end_time":"2876.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2877.48","end_time":"2877.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.485","content":"Np"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2877.94","end_time":"2878.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9926","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2878.22","end_time":"2878.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2878.46","end_time":"2878.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"range"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2878.98","end_time":"2879.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2879.42","end_time":"2879.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9708","content":"mark"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2883.9","end_time":"2884.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2884.28","end_time":"2884.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2884.45","end_time":"2884.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2884.55","end_time":"2885.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"square"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2885.02","end_time":"2885.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"braces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2885.82","end_time":"2886.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9635","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2886.04","end_time":"2886.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2886.19","end_time":"2886.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2886.31","end_time":"2886.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2887.56","end_time":"2887.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.78","end_time":"2887.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2887.89","end_time":"2888.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"star"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2888.35","end_time":"2888.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2888.52","end_time":"2889.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2889.49","end_time":"2889.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2889.61","end_time":"2890.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8586","content":"step"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2890.03","end_time":"2890.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2890.16","end_time":"2890.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"optional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2891.06","end_time":"2891.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.22","end_time":"2891.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.34","end_time":"2891.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.57","end_time":"2891.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2891.69","end_time":"2892.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.07","end_time":"2892.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.23","end_time":"2892.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2892.34","end_time":"2892.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2894.15","end_time":"2894.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2894.34","end_time":"2894.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"returns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2894.77","end_time":"2895.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"evenly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2895.16","end_time":"2895.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"spaced"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2895.54","end_time":"2896.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2896.13","end_time":"2896.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2896.43","end_time":"2896.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2896.5","end_time":"2896.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2896.8","end_time":"2897.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interval"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2897.77","end_time":"2897.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2897.92","end_time":"2898.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.17","end_time":"2898.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.4","end_time":"2898.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.48","end_time":"2898.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"half"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2898.83","end_time":"2899.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2899.15","end_time":"2899.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9865","content":"interval"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2899.62","end_time":"2899.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2899.85","end_time":"2900.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"includes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2900.35","end_time":"2900.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2900.51","end_time":"2900.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2900.83","end_time":"2901.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2901.12","end_time":"2901.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2901.28","end_time":"2901.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2901.54","end_time":"2901.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9837","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2901.63","end_time":"2902.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8019","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2902.0","end_time":"2902.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8839","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2903.62","end_time":"2904.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2909.47","end_time":"2909.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2909.67","end_time":"2909.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2909.83","end_time":"2909.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2909.92","end_time":"2910.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.19","end_time":"2910.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.68","end_time":"2910.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2910.96","end_time":"2911.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2911.45","end_time":"2911.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2911.66","end_time":"2911.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2911.79","end_time":"2912.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2912.03","end_time":"2912.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2912.6","end_time":"2912.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8228","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2912.93","end_time":"2913.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2913.1","end_time":"2913.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2913.22","end_time":"2913.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2913.48","end_time":"2913.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"include"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2913.83","end_time":"2913.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2913.96","end_time":"2914.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2914.17","end_time":"2914.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2914.31","end_time":"2914.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9195","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2914.85","end_time":"2915.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7547","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2915.21","end_time":"2915.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.64","end_time":"2916.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.86","end_time":"2916.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2916.95","end_time":"2917.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2918.97","end_time":"2919.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9732","content":"step"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2919.57","end_time":"2919.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2919.75","end_time":"2920.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9338","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2920.67","end_time":"2921.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7905","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2925.14","end_time":"2925.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.32","end_time":"2925.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.691","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.61","end_time":"2925.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6182","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2925.8","end_time":"2926.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"becomes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2926.33","end_time":"2926.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2926.43","end_time":"2926.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2926.69","end_time":"2927.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2927.1","end_time":"2927.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2928.17","end_time":"2928.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2928.38","end_time":"2928.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2928.64","end_time":"2929.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2931.27","end_time":"2931.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2931.8","end_time":"2932.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.21","end_time":"2932.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.37","end_time":"2932.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.49","end_time":"2932.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.65","end_time":"2932.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.79","end_time":"2932.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.92","end_time":"2932.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2932.99","end_time":"2933.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2934.07","end_time":"2934.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9192","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2934.24","end_time":"2934.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"showing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2934.46","end_time":"2934.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2934.56","end_time":"2934.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2934.72","end_time":"2934.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2934.82","end_time":"2935.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9085","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2935.03","end_time":"2935.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9249","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2935.83","end_time":"2936.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.19","end_time":"2936.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9408","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.45","end_time":"2936.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2936.68","end_time":"2937.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2937.1","end_time":"2937.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2937.98","end_time":"2938.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2939.55","end_time":"2940.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Jumping"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.06","end_time":"2940.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9758","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2940.38","end_time":"2941.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"0.5"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2944.16","end_time":"2944.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2944.36","end_time":"2944.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2944.48","end_time":"2944.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2944.81","end_time":"2945.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.08","end_time":"2945.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7638","content":"neck"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.35","end_time":"2945.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2945.75","end_time":"2946.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2946.45","end_time":"2946.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.507","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2946.64","end_time":"2947.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2947.17","end_time":"2947.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2950.96","end_time":"2951.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2951.21","end_time":"2951.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2951.61","end_time":"2951.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2951.78","end_time":"2952.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2954.17","end_time":"2954.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2955.43","end_time":"2955.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2955.56","end_time":"2955.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6105","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2955.85","end_time":"2956.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2956.02","end_time":"2956.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2956.11","end_time":"2956.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2956.27","end_time":"2956.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2956.37","end_time":"2956.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9593","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2956.56","end_time":"2957.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2957.0","end_time":"2957.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.861","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2957.15","end_time":"2957.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2957.22","end_time":"2957.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2957.8","end_time":"2958.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2958.17","end_time":"2958.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5003","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2958.29","end_time":"2958.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8806","content":"unending"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2958.78","end_time":"2959.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2959.72","end_time":"2959.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2959.92","end_time":"2960.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.06","end_time":"2960.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9689","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.19","end_time":"2960.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9689","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.27","end_time":"2960.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.71","end_time":"2960.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2960.91","end_time":"2961.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2961.77","end_time":"2961.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2961.99","end_time":"2962.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2962.1","end_time":"2962.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8683","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2962.29","end_time":"2962.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2962.76","end_time":"2963.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2963.24","end_time":"2963.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9075","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2963.94","end_time":"2964.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.06","end_time":"2964.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"default"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.5","end_time":"2964.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"behavior"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2964.9","end_time":"2965.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.05","end_time":"2965.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8375","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.18","end_time":"2965.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"step"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.52","end_time":"2965.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2965.73","end_time":"2966.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9481","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2966.18","end_time":"2966.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8921","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.31","end_time":"2966.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"adds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2966.67","end_time":"2967.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2967.67","end_time":"2968.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"until"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2968.42","end_time":"2968.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2968.59","end_time":"2968.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2968.92","end_time":"2969.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6083","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2970.2","end_time":"2970.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4803","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2970.38","end_time":"2970.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2970.92","end_time":"2971.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2971.93","end_time":"2972.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9083","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2972.6","end_time":"2972.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2972.76","end_time":"2972.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2972.95","end_time":"2973.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2973.19","end_time":"2973.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2973.47","end_time":"2973.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2973.75","end_time":"2974.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2974.46","end_time":"2974.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2974.58","end_time":"2974.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2974.94","end_time":"2975.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2975.33","end_time":"2975.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2975.46","end_time":"2975.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"larger"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2975.83","end_time":"2975.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2975.97","end_time":"2976.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2976.05","end_time":"2976.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2976.41","end_time":"2976.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2977.37","end_time":"2977.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2977.79","end_time":"2977.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2977.93","end_time":"2978.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.14","end_time":"2978.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2978.42","end_time":"2978.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9723","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2978.67","end_time":"2979.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.03","end_time":"2980.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.2","end_time":"2980.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.39","end_time":"2980.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interval"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2980.93","end_time":"2981.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2982.07","end_time":"2982.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4628","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2982.87","end_time":"2983.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"From"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2983.38","end_time":"2983.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9794","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2983.62","end_time":"2983.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4978","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2983.76","end_time":"2984.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2984.27","end_time":"2984.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2986.16","end_time":"2986.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2986.42","end_time":"2986.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2986.6","end_time":"2986.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2986.9","end_time":"2987.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2989.75","end_time":"2990.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9125","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2990.01","end_time":"2990.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nothing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2990.39","end_time":"2990.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2990.72","end_time":"2991.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7496","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.44","end_time":"2991.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"greater"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.83","end_time":"2991.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2991.95","end_time":"2992.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2992.05","end_time":"2992.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2992.31","end_time":"2992.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9511","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2992.43","end_time":"2992.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2992.78","end_time":"2992.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2992.97","end_time":"2993.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.21","end_time":"2993.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.33","end_time":"2993.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2993.72","end_time":"2994.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2995.63","end_time":"2995.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9127","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.71","end_time":"2995.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9159","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2995.83","end_time":"2995.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2995.92","end_time":"2996.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2996.12","end_time":"2996.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2996.29","end_time":"2996.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"2999.22","end_time":"2999.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2999.46","end_time":"2999.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"2999.73","end_time":"3000.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"starting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3000.15","end_time":"3000.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.68","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3000.32","end_time":"3000.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3001.76","end_time":"3001.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3001.96","end_time":"3002.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stopping"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3002.32","end_time":"3002.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9661","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3002.41","end_time":"3002.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3002.76","end_time":"3003.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3003.02","end_time":"3003.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9493","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3003.37","end_time":"3003.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3003.51","end_time":"3003.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"jumping"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3003.94","end_time":"3004.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3004.86","end_time":"3005.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.0","end_time":"3005.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.08","end_time":"3005.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9419","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.23","end_time":"3005.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.4","end_time":"3005.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.64","end_time":"3005.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8993","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3005.94","end_time":"3006.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.473","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3006.02","end_time":"3006.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.25","end_time":"3006.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.35","end_time":"3006.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.55","end_time":"3006.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3006.9","end_time":"3007.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3007.12","end_time":"3007.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3007.25","end_time":"3007.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reverse"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3007.71","end_time":"3008.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3008.66","end_time":"3008.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3008.83","end_time":"3008.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3008.99","end_time":"3009.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3009.27","end_time":"3009.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9277","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3009.34","end_time":"3009.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3009.44","end_time":"3009.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"highest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3009.86","end_time":"3010.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3010.32","end_time":"3010.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3010.51","end_time":"3010.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7956","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3010.79","end_time":"3010.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4524","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3010.88","end_time":"3010.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3010.98","end_time":"3011.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smallest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3011.45","end_time":"3011.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3011.82","end_time":"3011.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3011.95","end_time":"3012.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5467","content":"jump"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3012.22","end_time":"3012.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3013.06","end_time":"3013.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3013.44","end_time":"3013.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3013.5","end_time":"3013.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3013.62","end_time":"3013.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3016.76","end_time":"3017.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"13"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3017.49","end_time":"3018.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"0"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3018.01","end_time":"3018.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3018.46","end_time":"3018.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3019.31","end_time":"3019.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9683","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3019.48","end_time":"3019.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3019.71","end_time":"3020.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3020.0","end_time":"3020.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3020.11","end_time":"3020.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3020.45","end_time":"3020.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3020.6","end_time":"3021.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"13"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3021.15","end_time":"3021.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3021.38","end_time":"3021.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3021.47","end_time":"3021.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3026.95","end_time":"3027.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8952","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3027.07","end_time":"3027.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8952","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3027.24","end_time":"3027.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3027.36","end_time":"3027.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3027.62","end_time":"3027.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8576","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3027.87","end_time":"3028.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3028.29","end_time":"3028.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3028.56","end_time":"3028.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3064.86","end_time":"3065.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.21","end_time":"3065.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6717","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.25","end_time":"3065.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6816","content":"noticed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3065.58","end_time":"3065.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3066.86","end_time":"3067.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6022","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3067.27","end_time":"3067.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9218","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3067.47","end_time":"3067.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3067.91","end_time":"3068.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.08","end_time":"3068.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"y"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.36","end_time":"3068.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3068.53","end_time":"3068.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9792","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3069.07","end_time":"3069.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3069.26","end_time":"3069.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9768","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3069.37","end_time":"3069.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3069.6","end_time":"3069.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9192","content":"maker"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3069.98","end_time":"3070.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7672","content":"Ray"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3070.59","end_time":"3070.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9605","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3070.82","end_time":"3071.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"literally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3071.22","end_time":"3071.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"telling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3071.62","end_time":"3071.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3071.81","end_time":"3072.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3072.12","end_time":"3072.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"elements"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3072.54","end_time":"3072.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3072.63","end_time":"3072.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"put"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3073.22","end_time":"3073.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3073.96","end_time":"3074.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3074.24","end_time":"3074.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8742","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3074.87","end_time":"3075.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3075.2","end_time":"3075.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3075.45","end_time":"3075.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3075.85","end_time":"3075.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3075.95","end_time":"3076.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9697","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3076.3","end_time":"3076.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3076.38","end_time":"3076.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3076.71","end_time":"3076.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3076.82","end_time":"3076.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3076.87","end_time":"3077.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3077.76","end_time":"3078.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3078.37","end_time":"3078.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"however"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3078.93","end_time":"3079.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3079.51","end_time":"3080.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3080.03","end_time":"3080.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3081.13","end_time":"3081.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3081.61","end_time":"3081.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3081.98","end_time":"3082.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3082.07","end_time":"3082.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3082.22","end_time":"3082.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7592","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3082.33","end_time":"3082.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3082.89","end_time":"3083.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3083.08","end_time":"3083.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9305","content":"jumped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3083.34","end_time":"3083.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3083.48","end_time":"3084.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3084.11","end_time":"3084.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3084.3","end_time":"3084.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3084.41","end_time":"3084.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3084.7","end_time":"3085.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3085.01","end_time":"3085.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3085.31","end_time":"3085.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3085.63","end_time":"3086.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3086.0","end_time":"3086.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3086.22","end_time":"3086.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"though"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3086.37","end_time":"3086.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6519","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3086.63","end_time":"3086.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3086.81","end_time":"3087.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3087.07","end_time":"3087.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3087.25","end_time":"3087.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3087.33","end_time":"3087.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.56","end_time":"3096.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.81","end_time":"3096.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3096.93","end_time":"3097.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7903","content":"draw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.14","end_time":"3097.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3097.53","end_time":"3097.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3097.97","end_time":"3098.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.16","end_time":"3098.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8356","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.23","end_time":"3098.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8889","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.3","end_time":"3098.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9327","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3098.59","end_time":"3098.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8427","content":"Looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3098.85","end_time":"3099.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6748","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3107.66","end_time":"3107.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3107.85","end_time":"3108.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3108.0","end_time":"3108.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3108.3","end_time":"3108.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8887","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3108.46","end_time":"3108.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8892","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3108.52","end_time":"3109.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3110.66","end_time":"3111.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3111.14","end_time":"3111.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5892","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3111.57","end_time":"3111.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5419","content":"write"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3113.54","end_time":"3114.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3114.86","end_time":"3115.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.0","end_time":"3115.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"needs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.2","end_time":"3115.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.29","end_time":"3115.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.47","end_time":"3115.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"greater"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.82","end_time":"3115.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3115.94","end_time":"3116.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3116.0","end_time":"3116.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equal"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3116.19","end_time":"3116.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3116.32","end_time":"3116.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8064","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.07","end_time":"3117.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.26","end_time":"3117.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"less"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.54","end_time":"3117.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3117.73","end_time":"3118.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3119.03","end_time":"3119.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9088","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.35","end_time":"3119.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.5","end_time":"3119.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"jumping"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3119.84","end_time":"3120.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.0","end_time":"3120.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9561","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3120.34","end_time":"3120.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.44","end_time":"3120.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3120.73","end_time":"3121.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3121.01","end_time":"3121.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3121.13","end_time":"3121.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3121.26","end_time":"3121.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3121.59","end_time":"3121.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3121.72","end_time":"3121.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3121.83","end_time":"3122.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.12","end_time":"3122.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3122.3","end_time":"3122.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3123.53","end_time":"3124.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9443","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3124.41","end_time":"3124.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.59","end_time":"3124.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.76","end_time":"3124.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9713","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3124.97","end_time":"3125.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6591","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3127.81","end_time":"3129.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9293","content":"012"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3129.09","end_time":"3129.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.27","end_time":"3129.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.4","end_time":"3129.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.63","end_time":"3129.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3129.8","end_time":"3130.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.06","end_time":"3130.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3130.39","end_time":"3130.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9397","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.56","end_time":"3130.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.7","end_time":"3130.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8167","content":"end"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3130.98","end_time":"3131.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8157","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.37","end_time":"3131.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.55","end_time":"3131.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3131.66","end_time":"3132.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9388","content":"assume"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.08","end_time":"3132.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8882","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.2","end_time":"3132.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.56","end_time":"3132.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3132.66","end_time":"3133.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3135.19","end_time":"3135.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8253","content":"Jumped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3135.57","end_time":"3135.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3135.71","end_time":"3135.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3137.25","end_time":"3137.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9709","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3137.37","end_time":"3137.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9709","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3137.89","end_time":"3138.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3138.1","end_time":"3138.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3138.22","end_time":"3138.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4756","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3138.29","end_time":"3138.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"vote"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3138.55","end_time":"3138.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3138.64","end_time":"3138.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9667","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3138.8","end_time":"3139.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3139.04","end_time":"3139.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3139.18","end_time":"3139.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3150.33","end_time":"3150.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9453","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3150.63","end_time":"3150.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3150.81","end_time":"3151.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3151.06","end_time":"3151.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3151.35","end_time":"3151.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3151.74","end_time":"3151.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3151.88","end_time":"3152.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.04","end_time":"3152.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.1","end_time":"3152.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.33","end_time":"3152.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.48","end_time":"3152.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"voted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3152.77","end_time":"3153.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3153.05","end_time":"3153.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3153.41","end_time":"3153.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3153.62","end_time":"3153.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"D"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3154.45","end_time":"3155.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3155.82","end_time":"3156.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3156.0","end_time":"3156.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3156.12","end_time":"3156.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"voted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3156.42","end_time":"3156.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3156.62","end_time":"3157.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3157.54","end_time":"3157.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3158.13","end_time":"3158.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3158.43","end_time":"3158.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3158.55","end_time":"3159.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3161.33","end_time":"3161.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9633","content":"You're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3161.54","end_time":"3161.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3161.82","end_time":"3162.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9866","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3162.15","end_time":"3162.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3162.27","end_time":"3162.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9144","content":"Y"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3163.85","end_time":"3164.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.07","end_time":"3164.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.27","end_time":"3164.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.38","end_time":"3164.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8376","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.51","end_time":"3164.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4701","content":"raised"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.76","end_time":"3164.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3164.9","end_time":"3165.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3165.25","end_time":"3165.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sizes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3165.89","end_time":"3166.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3166.1","end_time":"3166.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9296","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3166.31","end_time":"3166.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3166.38","end_time":"3167.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mismatch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3167.52","end_time":"3167.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9024","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3168.11","end_time":"3168.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.31","end_time":"3168.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.5","end_time":"3168.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"true"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.78","end_time":"3168.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3168.99","end_time":"3169.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"normally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3169.41","end_time":"3169.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3169.52","end_time":"3169.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"can't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3169.85","end_time":"3170.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.03","end_time":"3170.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.09","end_time":"3170.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7526","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.34","end_time":"3170.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.5","end_time":"3170.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3170.84","end_time":"3171.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"sizes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3171.93","end_time":"3172.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3172.25","end_time":"3172.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3172.32","end_time":"3172.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3172.51","end_time":"3173.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"mismatch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3173.44","end_time":"3174.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3174.22","end_time":"3174.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6738","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3174.48","end_time":"3174.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3174.56","end_time":"3175.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"special"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3175.1","end_time":"3175.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"case"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3176.74","end_time":"3177.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3177.01","end_time":"3177.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3177.2","end_time":"3177.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3177.36","end_time":"3177.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3177.66","end_time":"3177.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3177.76","end_time":"3177.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3177.89","end_time":"3178.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4658","content":"arrays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3178.52","end_time":"3178.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9412","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3178.82","end_time":"3179.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9503","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3179.29","end_time":"3179.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3180.95","end_time":"3181.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3181.17","end_time":"3181.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3181.34","end_time":"3181.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3181.8","end_time":"3182.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3182.02","end_time":"3182.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3182.14","end_time":"3182.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3182.37","end_time":"3182.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3182.46","end_time":"3182.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3182.98","end_time":"3183.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.08","end_time":"3183.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3183.33","end_time":"3183.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.47","end_time":"3183.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.66","end_time":"3183.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3183.92","end_time":"3184.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.04","end_time":"3184.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.2","end_time":"3184.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.3","end_time":"3184.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.65","end_time":"3184.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.76","end_time":"3184.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3184.93","end_time":"3185.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3185.05","end_time":"3185.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3196.75","end_time":"3196.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3196.99","end_time":"3197.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3197.19","end_time":"3197.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3197.38","end_time":"3197.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3197.51","end_time":"3197.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3198.25","end_time":"3198.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3198.46","end_time":"3198.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8272","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3198.67","end_time":"3198.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8281","content":"arrays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3198.98","end_time":"3199.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8764","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.1","end_time":"3199.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"added"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3199.37","end_time":"3199.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.48","end_time":"3199.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.69","end_time":"3199.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.77","end_time":"3199.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.91","end_time":"3199.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3199.99","end_time":"3200.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3200.33","end_time":"3200.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3202.45","end_time":"3202.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3202.89","end_time":"3203.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3203.03","end_time":"3203.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3203.11","end_time":"3203.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3203.27","end_time":"3203.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3154","content":"race"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3203.56","end_time":"3203.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7829","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3203.75","end_time":"3204.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3204.07","end_time":"3204.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9423","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3204.32","end_time":"3204.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3205.69","end_time":"3205.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3205.89","end_time":"3205.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3205.99","end_time":"3206.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3206.25","end_time":"3206.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3208.14","end_time":"3208.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5162","content":"making"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3208.6","end_time":"3209.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9686","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3210.25","end_time":"3211.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"3456"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3212.75","end_time":"3213.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3213.07","end_time":"3213.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3213.41","end_time":"3213.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3213.53","end_time":"3213.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3213.71","end_time":"3214.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3214.39","end_time":"3214.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7588","content":"A"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3216.59","end_time":"3217.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984666666666667","content":"123"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3217.6","end_time":"3217.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3217.75","end_time":"3217.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3217.93","end_time":"3218.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3218.11","end_time":"3218.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3218.9","end_time":"3219.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.14","end_time":"3219.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9697","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.31","end_time":"3219.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.52","end_time":"3219.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3219.89","end_time":"3220.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"sizes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3222.15","end_time":"3222.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.29","end_time":"3227.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.46","end_time":"3227.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.7","end_time":"3227.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.79","end_time":"3227.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3227.94","end_time":"3228.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4152","content":"race"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3228.22","end_time":"3228.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3228.44","end_time":"3228.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9686","content":"size"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3228.78","end_time":"3229.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9453","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3229.54","end_time":"3229.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8644","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3229.72","end_time":"3230.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8656","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.01","end_time":"3230.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"treats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.38","end_time":"3230.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.68","end_time":"3230.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.87","end_time":"3230.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3230.96","end_time":"3231.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"constant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3231.54","end_time":"3231.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3232.75","end_time":"3232.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3232.94","end_time":"3233.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3233.01","end_time":"3233.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3233.2","end_time":"3233.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3233.56","end_time":"3233.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3233.78","end_time":"3233.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3233.84","end_time":"3234.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3236.21","end_time":"3236.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3236.41","end_time":"3236.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3236.59","end_time":"3237.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.27","end_time":"3237.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"discussion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3237.87","end_time":"3238.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3240.47","end_time":"3240.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.75","end_time":"3240.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8354","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.87","end_time":"3240.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8354","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3240.93","end_time":"3241.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3241.1","end_time":"3241.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.729","content":"okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3254.24","end_time":"3254.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3504","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.13","end_time":"3255.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8826","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.29","end_time":"3255.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8839","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.55","end_time":"3255.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7304","content":"treats"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3255.78","end_time":"3256.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.02","end_time":"3256.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9773","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.18","end_time":"3256.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.46","end_time":"3256.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.56","end_time":"3256.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3256.61","end_time":"3257.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"constant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.28","end_time":"3257.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.41","end_time":"3257.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.56","end_time":"3257.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8857","content":"adds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.82","end_time":"3257.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3257.98","end_time":"3258.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"constant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3258.47","end_time":"3259.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3259.82","end_time":"3260.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3260.07","end_time":"3260.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.46","end_time":"3260.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3260.61","end_time":"3261.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3261.94","end_time":"3262.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3263.04","end_time":"3263.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3263.21","end_time":"3263.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3263.48","end_time":"3264.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"adds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3264.07","end_time":"3264.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9876","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3264.35","end_time":"3264.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7078","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3264.41","end_time":"3265.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3267.6","end_time":"3268.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9539","content":"X"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.04","end_time":"3268.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3268.45","end_time":"3269.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8954","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3269.41","end_time":"3269.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3269.66","end_time":"3269.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3269.88","end_time":"3270.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3270.27","end_time":"3270.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.38","end_time":"3270.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.5","end_time":"3270.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.73","end_time":"3270.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8232","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3270.93","end_time":"3271.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.2","end_time":"3271.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3271.28","end_time":"3272.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"corresponding"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.08","end_time":"3272.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9678","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3272.23","end_time":"3272.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9119","content":"trees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3274.74","end_time":"3275.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4542","content":"Z"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3275.4","end_time":"3275.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.543","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3275.71","end_time":"3276.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.63","end_time":"3276.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3276.95","end_time":"3277.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"wise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3277.4","end_time":"3277.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6415","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3277.75","end_time":"3278.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.12","end_time":"3279.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.36","end_time":"3279.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3279.6","end_time":"3280.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9726","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.24","end_time":"3281.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7269","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.55","end_time":"3281.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9033","content":"plus"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.86","end_time":"3281.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7612","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3281.93","end_time":"3282.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3283.74","end_time":"3284.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3284.19","end_time":"3284.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5645","content":"ex"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3284.68","end_time":"3285.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3285.04","end_time":"3285.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9758","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3285.51","end_time":"3285.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3285.74","end_time":"3286.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.1","end_time":"3286.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"Item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3286.35","end_time":"3286.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.33","end_time":"3287.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"runs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.59","end_time":"3287.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.81","end_time":"3287.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3287.88","end_time":"3288.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3288.17","end_time":"3288.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6931","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.33","end_time":"3288.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"why"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.59","end_time":"3288.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3288.93","end_time":"3289.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.16","end_time":"3289.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3289.41","end_time":"3289.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3290.58","end_time":"3290.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7951","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.18","end_time":"3291.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.49","end_time":"3291.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.71","end_time":"3291.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.86","end_time":"3291.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3291.98","end_time":"3292.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3295.74","end_time":"3296.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6812","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3296.35","end_time":"3296.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3298.04","end_time":"3298.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9188","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3298.51","end_time":"3298.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.71","end_time":"3298.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3298.96","end_time":"3299.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.13","end_time":"3299.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.71","end_time":"3299.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3299.84","end_time":"3300.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3300.77","end_time":"3300.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3300.89","end_time":"3301.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3301.42","end_time":"3301.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3301.62","end_time":"3301.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3301.78","end_time":"3301.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8362","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3301.88","end_time":"3302.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talk"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.09","end_time":"3302.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.38","end_time":"3302.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8406","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3302.58","end_time":"3303.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3303.65","end_time":"3303.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3303.98","end_time":"3304.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6083","content":"arrays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.42","end_time":"3304.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9492","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.55","end_time":"3304.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.78","end_time":"3304.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3304.88","end_time":"3305.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.09","end_time":"3305.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.16","end_time":"3305.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3305.52","end_time":"3306.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dimensional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3306.69","end_time":"3307.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.4","end_time":"3308.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.64","end_time":"3308.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3308.92","end_time":"3309.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3309.89","end_time":"3310.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9614","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3310.39","end_time":"3310.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3310.57","end_time":"3310.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3310.97","end_time":"3311.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.1","end_time":"3311.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.21","end_time":"3311.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.38","end_time":"3311.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.54","end_time":"3311.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3311.79","end_time":"3311.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3311.95","end_time":"3312.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9832","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.13","end_time":"3312.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.26","end_time":"3312.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.47","end_time":"3312.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.64","end_time":"3312.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"comes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3312.91","end_time":"3313.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.04","end_time":"3313.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9733","content":"tables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3313.6","end_time":"3313.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.71","end_time":"3313.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3313.9","end_time":"3314.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3315.12","end_time":"3315.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3315.25","end_time":"3315.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3315.42","end_time":"3315.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3315.6","end_time":"3315.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3315.79","end_time":"3315.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3315.99","end_time":"3316.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3316.06","end_time":"3316.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3316.38","end_time":"3316.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3316.49","end_time":"3317.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9898","content":"temperatures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3317.58","end_time":"3317.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3317.71","end_time":"3317.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3317.89","end_time":"3317.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3317.96","end_time":"3318.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3319.14","end_time":"3319.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3319.77","end_time":"3320.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3320.47","end_time":"3321.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3321.3","end_time":"3321.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"high"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3321.62","end_time":"3322.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperatures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3322.43","end_time":"3322.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3322.66","end_time":"3322.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"low"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3322.83","end_time":"3323.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperatures"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3323.67","end_time":"3324.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.05","end_time":"3324.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.27","end_time":"3324.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cloudy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.68","end_time":"3324.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7312","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3324.8","end_time":"3325.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6766","content":"wasit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3325.41","end_time":"3325.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.65","end_time":"3325.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3325.97","end_time":"3326.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.33","end_time":"3326.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"various"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3326.99","end_time":"3327.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3327.26","end_time":"3327.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pieces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3327.6","end_time":"3327.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3327.72","end_time":"3328.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3329.34","end_time":"3329.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7214","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3330.04","end_time":"3330.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3330.25","end_time":"3330.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3330.45","end_time":"3330.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lots"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3330.72","end_time":"3330.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3330.83","end_time":"3331.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3331.69","end_time":"3332.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"libraries"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3332.62","end_time":"3332.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3333.13","end_time":"3333.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6348","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3333.49","end_time":"3334.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9059","content":"tables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3334.04","end_time":"3334.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8696","content":"Pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3334.55","end_time":"3334.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3335.05","end_time":"3335.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3335.23","end_time":"3335.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"most"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3335.6","end_time":"3336.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"popular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.26","end_time":"3336.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3336.56","end_time":"3337.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"widely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3337.05","end_time":"3337.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"known"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3337.4","end_time":"3337.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9744","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3338.94","end_time":"3339.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.12","end_time":"3339.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.47","end_time":"3339.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3339.94","end_time":"3340.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.65","end_time":"3340.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3340.96","end_time":"3341.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"analysis"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3341.54","end_time":"3342.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"library"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3343.38","end_time":"3343.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3343.85","end_time":"3344.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3344.15","end_time":"3344.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3344.37","end_time":"3344.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4845","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3344.44","end_time":"3344.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5766","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3344.91","end_time":"3345.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3345.06","end_time":"3345.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9823","content":"short"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3345.88","end_time":"3346.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"In"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.11","end_time":"3346.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.33","end_time":"3346.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3346.69","end_time":"3346.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3346.86","end_time":"3347.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3347.28","end_time":"3347.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3347.78","end_time":"3348.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3348.33","end_time":"3348.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6595","content":"We're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3348.48","end_time":"3348.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9088","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3348.67","end_time":"3349.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.08","end_time":"3349.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.43","end_time":"3349.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3349.72","end_time":"3350.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3350.13","end_time":"3350.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"module"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3350.69","end_time":"3350.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3350.88","end_time":"3351.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3351.67","end_time":"3352.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3352.19","end_time":"3352.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9608","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.78","end_time":"3352.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3352.95","end_time":"3353.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"similar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3354.16","end_time":"3354.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"structure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3355.0","end_time":"3355.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.503","content":"Toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.46","end_time":"3355.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4815","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3355.64","end_time":"3355.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3355.8","end_time":"3356.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.888","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3356.26","end_time":"3356.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3357.24","end_time":"3357.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.573","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3357.73","end_time":"3358.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6321","content":"uses"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3358.05","end_time":"3358.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3358.38","end_time":"3358.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7514","content":"frames"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3358.82","end_time":"3359.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3359.05","end_time":"3359.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8676","content":"We'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3359.16","end_time":"3359.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3359.38","end_time":"3359.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3359.58","end_time":"3359.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3359.76","end_time":"3360.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3360.93","end_time":"3361.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3362.01","end_time":"3362.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3362.2","end_time":"3362.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3362.39","end_time":"3362.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3362.59","end_time":"3362.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3362.68","end_time":"3363.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9284","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3363.79","end_time":"3363.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3363.94","end_time":"3364.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"difficult"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3364.49","end_time":"3364.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decision"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3364.98","end_time":"3365.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3365.16","end_time":"3365.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3365.92","end_time":"3366.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9717","content":"howto"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3366.7","end_time":"3366.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3366.9","end_time":"3367.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3367.02","end_time":"3367.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3367.4","end_time":"3367.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9743","content":"tables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3367.88","end_time":"3367.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3367.99","end_time":"3368.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3368.16","end_time":"3368.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3368.56","end_time":"3368.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3368.94","end_time":"3369.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3369.09","end_time":"3369.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3369.17","end_time":"3369.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3369.37","end_time":"3369.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3369.61","end_time":"3369.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3369.75","end_time":"3369.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3369.97","end_time":"3370.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9714","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3370.03","end_time":"3370.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"teach"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3370.26","end_time":"3370.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3370.43","end_time":"3370.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3370.7","end_time":"3370.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3370.87","end_time":"3371.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3371.0","end_time":"3371.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3372.18","end_time":"3372.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5449","content":"trancelike"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3372.88","end_time":"3373.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3373.03","end_time":"3373.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3373.17","end_time":"3373.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3373.27","end_time":"3373.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"knowledge"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3373.59","end_time":"3373.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3373.71","end_time":"3374.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"transferrable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3374.51","end_time":"3374.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3555","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3374.62","end_time":"3374.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3374.95","end_time":"3375.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"settings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3375.91","end_time":"3376.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3376.5","end_time":"3376.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3376.67","end_time":"3376.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3376.8","end_time":"3376.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3376.94","end_time":"3377.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.15","end_time":"3377.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hand"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3377.5","end_time":"3377.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.63","end_time":"3377.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.7","end_time":"3377.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3377.91","end_time":"3378.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"harder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3378.36","end_time":"3378.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6893","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3378.54","end_time":"3379.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9472","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3379.53","end_time":"3380.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3380.03","end_time":"3380.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5811","content":"Pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3380.46","end_time":"3380.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"library"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3380.98","end_time":"3381.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3381.14","end_time":"3381.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3381.29","end_time":"3381.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3381.87","end_time":"3382.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3382.54","end_time":"3383.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3383.57","end_time":"3383.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3383.91","end_time":"3384.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"libraries"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3384.44","end_time":"3384.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3384.58","end_time":"3384.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3384.66","end_time":"3385.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.06","end_time":"3385.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.17","end_time":"3385.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"production"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.66","end_time":"3385.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3385.81","end_time":"3386.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3386.14","end_time":"3386.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3386.92","end_time":"3387.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.39","end_time":"3387.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.55","end_time":"3387.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3387.73","end_time":"3388.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"necessarily"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.28","end_time":"3388.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.48","end_time":"3388.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3388.93","end_time":"3389.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.31","end_time":"3389.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"update"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3389.8","end_time":"3390.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3390.18","end_time":"3390.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3390.45","end_time":"3390.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3390.68","end_time":"3390.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"old"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3390.91","end_time":"3391.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8548","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.14","end_time":"3391.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"compatible"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.74","end_time":"3391.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3391.91","end_time":"3392.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.07","end_time":"3392.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.45","end_time":"3392.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.53","end_time":"3392.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3392.78","end_time":"3393.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"evolving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3394.05","end_time":"3394.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3394.35","end_time":"3394.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3394.73","end_time":"3395.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3395.02","end_time":"3395.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3395.18","end_time":"3395.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3395.55","end_time":"3395.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3395.86","end_time":"3396.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"options"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3396.52","end_time":"3397.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3397.16","end_time":"3397.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3397.66","end_time":"3397.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7143","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3397.84","end_time":"3398.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"used"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3398.18","end_time":"3398.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3398.37","end_time":"3399.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"widely"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3399.21","end_time":"3399.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3399.4","end_time":"3399.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3399.47","end_time":"3399.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3399.63","end_time":"3400.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3400.02","end_time":"3400.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3400.22","end_time":"3400.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3400.49","end_time":"3401.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"confusing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3401.19","end_time":"3401.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7435","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3401.35","end_time":"3401.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"Look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3401.54","end_time":"3401.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3401.62","end_time":"3401.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3401.69","end_time":"3402.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"function"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3402.09","end_time":"3402.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3402.22","end_time":"3402.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3402.41","end_time":"3402.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"20"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3402.73","end_time":"3403.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3403.03","end_time":"3403.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"parameters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3403.73","end_time":"3403.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3403.85","end_time":"3403.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3403.99","end_time":"3404.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.09","end_time":"3404.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.34","end_time":"3404.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.53","end_time":"3404.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.76","end_time":"3404.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8797","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3404.99","end_time":"3405.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.11","end_time":"3405.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9859","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.45","end_time":"3405.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.58","end_time":"3405.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.78","end_time":"3405.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9608","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3405.96","end_time":"3406.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3406.06","end_time":"3406.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3406.53","end_time":"3406.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3406.67","end_time":"3406.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3406.84","end_time":"3406.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3406.94","end_time":"3407.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9761","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3407.11","end_time":"3407.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ignore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3408.03","end_time":"3408.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6506","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3408.86","end_time":"3409.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3409.42","end_time":"3409.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3409.58","end_time":"3409.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3409.78","end_time":"3410.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3410.22","end_time":"3410.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3410.36","end_time":"3410.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.17","end_time":"3411.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3411.31","end_time":"3412.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simplified"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.02","end_time":"3412.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"version"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.43","end_time":"3412.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7125","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.54","end_time":"3412.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.62","end_time":"3412.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3412.88","end_time":"3413.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3413.29","end_time":"3413.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3413.86","end_time":"3414.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3147","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3414.26","end_time":"3414.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3414.88","end_time":"3415.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"highlight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3415.31","end_time":"3415.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"what's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3415.52","end_time":"3416.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"important"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3417.27","end_time":"3417.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3417.79","end_time":"3418.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.09","end_time":"3418.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3418.43","end_time":"3419.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"classes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.13","end_time":"3419.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9643","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3419.31","end_time":"3420.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"transition"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3420.03","end_time":"3420.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3420.18","end_time":"3420.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3420.7","end_time":"3421.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3421.11","end_time":"3422.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"libraries"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3422.86","end_time":"3423.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3423.06","end_time":"3423.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3423.52","end_time":"3423.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8553","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3423.7","end_time":"3424.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"working"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.1","end_time":"3424.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3424.25","end_time":"3424.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.47","end_time":"3424.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3424.64","end_time":"3425.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"future"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3425.09","end_time":"3425.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"versions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3425.95","end_time":"3426.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.26","end_time":"3426.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.52","end_time":"3426.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3426.76","end_time":"3427.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"course"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3427.19","end_time":"3427.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3427.33","end_time":"3427.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"China"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3428.19","end_time":"3428.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.33","end_time":"3428.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.58","end_time":"3428.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3428.75","end_time":"3429.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"switch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3429.19","end_time":"3429.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6414","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.03","end_time":"3430.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.19","end_time":"3430.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.57","end_time":"3430.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.77","end_time":"3430.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3430.96","end_time":"3431.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3431.08","end_time":"3431.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3431.26","end_time":"3431.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3431.86","end_time":"3432.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.02","end_time":"3432.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.13","end_time":"3432.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.39","end_time":"3432.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3432.85","end_time":"3433.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3433.03","end_time":"3433.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3433.33","end_time":"3433.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3433.59","end_time":"3434.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actual"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.02","end_time":"3434.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8687","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.46","end_time":"3434.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.75","end_time":"3434.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3434.87","end_time":"3435.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3435.11","end_time":"3435.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.02","end_time":"3436.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"close"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.5","end_time":"3436.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.71","end_time":"3436.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gap"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3436.99","end_time":"3437.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3437.04","end_time":"3437.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3437.27","end_time":"3437.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3437.93","end_time":"3438.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3438.83","end_time":"3439.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.05","end_time":"3439.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.32","end_time":"3439.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.45","end_time":"3439.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3439.64","end_time":"3440.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"disappointed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3440.29","end_time":"3440.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3440.43","end_time":"3440.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9316","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3440.62","end_time":"3440.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8938","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3440.74","end_time":"3441.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3441.01","end_time":"3441.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3441.19","end_time":"3441.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.3","end_time":"3441.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.49","end_time":"3441.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9768","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.65","end_time":"3441.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3441.86","end_time":"3442.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9564","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3442.25","end_time":"3442.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3442.36","end_time":"3442.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3442.52","end_time":"3442.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3443.07","end_time":"3443.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3443.4","end_time":"3443.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"motivated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3443.86","end_time":"3444.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"students"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3445.18","end_time":"3445.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3446.33","end_time":"3446.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3446.58","end_time":"3446.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3446.99","end_time":"3447.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"take"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.23","end_time":"3447.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.38","end_time":"3447.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.54","end_time":"3447.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7514","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.75","end_time":"3447.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3447.84","end_time":"3448.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.02","end_time":"3448.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.52","end_time":"3448.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.7","end_time":"3448.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8368","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3448.88","end_time":"3449.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8368","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3449.57","end_time":"3449.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3449.71","end_time":"3449.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3449.91","end_time":"3450.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.04","end_time":"3450.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.19","end_time":"3450.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6316","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3450.92","end_time":"3451.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.14","end_time":"3451.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.22","end_time":"3451.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"side"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.65","end_time":"3451.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.77","end_time":"3451.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3451.97","end_time":"3452.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.05","end_time":"3452.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.24","end_time":"3452.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.37","end_time":"3452.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.53","end_time":"3452.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9336","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3452.8","end_time":"3453.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"compare"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3453.68","end_time":"3453.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9054","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3453.92","end_time":"3454.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3454.64","end_time":"3455.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.659","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3456.0","end_time":"3456.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3456.22","end_time":"3456.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9855","content":"posted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3456.56","end_time":"3456.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3456.68","end_time":"3457.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Piazza"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3457.47","end_time":"3457.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9874","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3457.84","end_time":"3458.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6814","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3458.7","end_time":"3458.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3458.82","end_time":"3459.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"mentioned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.16","end_time":"3459.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.29","end_time":"3459.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8945","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3459.74","end_time":"3460.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"transitioning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3460.55","end_time":"3461.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"towards"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3461.7","end_time":"3461.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3461.93","end_time":"3462.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3462.01","end_time":"3462.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3462.09","end_time":"3462.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"intermediate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3462.86","end_time":"3463.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3463.65","end_time":"3464.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9564","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3464.37","end_time":"3464.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3464.78","end_time":"3464.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3464.88","end_time":"3465.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3465.13","end_time":"3465.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3465.5","end_time":"3465.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3465.91","end_time":"3466.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.04","end_time":"3466.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.2","end_time":"3466.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.29","end_time":"3466.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"called"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.62","end_time":"3466.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"baby"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3466.97","end_time":"3467.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9404","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3468.94","end_time":"3469.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3469.64","end_time":"3469.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3469.87","end_time":"3470.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3470.22","end_time":"3470.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9245","content":"ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3470.69","end_time":"3471.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9441","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.37","end_time":"3471.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9807","content":"student"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.68","end_time":"3471.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.89","end_time":"3471.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3471.98","end_time":"3472.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"summer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3472.39","end_time":"3472.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7016","content":"who's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3472.6","end_time":"3472.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.695","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3472.66","end_time":"3472.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3472.89","end_time":"3473.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9335","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3473.21","end_time":"3473.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"major"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3473.81","end_time":"3474.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Worked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.14","end_time":"3474.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.29","end_time":"3474.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.42","end_time":"3474.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.49","end_time":"3474.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3474.57","end_time":"3475.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9282","content":"professors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3475.14","end_time":"3475.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3475.8","end_time":"3476.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"implementing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.48","end_time":"3476.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3476.64","end_time":"3477.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"library"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3478.25","end_time":"3478.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.4","end_time":"3478.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.52","end_time":"3478.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8656","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.72","end_time":"3478.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.89","end_time":"3478.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3478.94","end_time":"3479.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3479.25","end_time":"3479.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3479.86","end_time":"3480.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3480.96","end_time":"3481.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.32","end_time":"3481.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.52","end_time":"3481.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3481.59","end_time":"3482.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equivalence"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3482.25","end_time":"3482.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3482.59","end_time":"3483.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"between"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3483.24","end_time":"3483.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3483.38","end_time":"3483.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3483.65","end_time":"3484.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9846","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3484.07","end_time":"3484.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3484.74","end_time":"3484.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3484.95","end_time":"3485.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7476","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3485.4","end_time":"3486.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9787","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3486.23","end_time":"3486.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3486.4","end_time":"3486.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9749","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3486.52","end_time":"3486.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"share"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3486.79","end_time":"3486.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3486.94","end_time":"3487.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3487.12","end_time":"3487.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3487.4","end_time":"3487.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3487.62","end_time":"3487.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3487.76","end_time":"3488.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interested"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3488.27","end_time":"3488.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3488.43","end_time":"3488.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3488.56","end_time":"3488.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3488.79","end_time":"3489.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3489.11","end_time":"3489.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"strictly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3489.61","end_time":"3489.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8823","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3489.82","end_time":"3490.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9565","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3490.2","end_time":"3490.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3490.35","end_time":"3490.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3490.53","end_time":"3490.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9699","content":"class"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3494.02","end_time":"3494.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8624","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3494.67","end_time":"3495.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9749","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.22","end_time":"3495.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.37","end_time":"3495.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"despite"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.75","end_time":"3495.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3495.93","end_time":"3496.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3496.17","end_time":"3496.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5768","content":"pandas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3496.59","end_time":"3496.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3496.74","end_time":"3496.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3496.86","end_time":"3497.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3497.51","end_time":"3498.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ideas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3498.24","end_time":"3498.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3498.37","end_time":"3498.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3498.6","end_time":"3498.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3498.76","end_time":"3498.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3498.99","end_time":"3499.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.15","end_time":"3499.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.45","end_time":"3499.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9707","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.56","end_time":"3499.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.69","end_time":"3499.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3499.86","end_time":"3500.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"manipulate"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3500.38","end_time":"3500.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3500.64","end_time":"3500.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3500.7","end_time":"3501.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3501.01","end_time":"3501.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3501.52","end_time":"3501.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3501.94","end_time":"3502.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3502.22","end_time":"3502.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3502.93","end_time":"3503.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3503.04","end_time":"3503.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3503.48","end_time":"3503.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3503.7","end_time":"3504.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.01","end_time":"3504.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7222","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.43","end_time":"3504.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7213","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3504.57","end_time":"3504.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3505.47","end_time":"3505.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.9","end_time":"3505.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3505.98","end_time":"3506.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"content"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.66","end_time":"3506.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3506.8","end_time":"3507.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.0","end_time":"3507.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9703","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.15","end_time":"3507.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3507.82","end_time":"3508.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3508.09","end_time":"3508.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easily"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3508.47","end_time":"3509.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"transferrable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3509.16","end_time":"3509.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.27","end_time":"3509.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.42","end_time":"3509.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9582","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.53","end_time":"3509.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3509.61","end_time":"3510.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9845","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.15","end_time":"3510.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9049","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3510.23","end_time":"3510.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3512.04","end_time":"3512.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.33","end_time":"3512.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.43","end_time":"3512.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3512.89","end_time":"3513.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"structure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.43","end_time":"3513.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3513.89","end_time":"3514.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.12","end_time":"3514.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.2","end_time":"3514.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.43","end_time":"3514.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3514.55","end_time":"3515.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"expect"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3515.62","end_time":"3516.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7998","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3516.42","end_time":"3516.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3516.46","end_time":"3516.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3516.63","end_time":"3516.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3516.77","end_time":"3517.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3517.07","end_time":"3517.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3517.16","end_time":"3517.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3517.36","end_time":"3517.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"show"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3517.55","end_time":"3517.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3517.7","end_time":"3517.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3517.8","end_time":"3518.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"example"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3518.85","end_time":"3519.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3520.26","end_time":"3520.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3520.74","end_time":"3521.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3521.81","end_time":"3521.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3521.98","end_time":"3522.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3522.19","end_time":"3522.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3523.35","end_time":"3523.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3524.01","end_time":"3524.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.21","end_time":"3524.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.36","end_time":"3524.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.57","end_time":"3524.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.63","end_time":"3524.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3524.88","end_time":"3525.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3525.02","end_time":"3525.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8975","content":"rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3526.26","end_time":"3526.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3526.47","end_time":"3526.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4821","content":"contain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3526.92","end_time":"3527.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3527.01","end_time":"3527.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3527.28","end_time":"3528.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3528.54","end_time":"3528.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3528.75","end_time":"3528.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3528.86","end_time":"3529.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3529.05","end_time":"3529.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3529.23","end_time":"3529.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3529.41","end_time":"3529.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3529.47","end_time":"3529.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3529.93","end_time":"3530.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3530.05","end_time":"3530.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3530.43","end_time":"3531.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"states"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3531.42","end_time":"3531.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3532.19","end_time":"3532.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4067","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3533.04","end_time":"3534.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"abbreviations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3534.53","end_time":"3534.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3534.85","end_time":"3535.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3535.32","end_time":"3535.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3535.6","end_time":"3535.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3535.76","end_time":"3536.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3536.11","end_time":"3536.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3536.24","end_time":"3536.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"square"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3536.66","end_time":"3537.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"meters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3537.61","end_time":"3537.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8717","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3538.23","end_time":"3538.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3538.54","end_time":"3539.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"presumably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.11","end_time":"3539.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.27","end_time":"3539.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.38","end_time":"3539.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.56","end_time":"3539.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3539.65","end_time":"3540.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"excerpt"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.07","end_time":"3540.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.24","end_time":"3540.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9721","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3540.29","end_time":"3540.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3540.83","end_time":"3541.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8927","content":"There's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3541.04","end_time":"3541.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"probably"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.06","end_time":"3542.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"50"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.48","end_time":"3542.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7028","content":"Rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.83","end_time":"3542.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4725","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3542.92","end_time":"3543.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3543.32","end_time":"3543.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3543.44","end_time":"3543.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3543.52","end_time":"3543.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"full"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3543.74","end_time":"3544.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3544.47","end_time":"3544.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.68","end_time":"3544.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.79","end_time":"3544.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"make"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3544.96","end_time":"3545.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.19","end_time":"3545.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.27","end_time":"3545.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.43","end_time":"3545.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.49","end_time":"3545.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3545.93","end_time":"3546.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3546.26","end_time":"3546.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3546.43","end_time":"3546.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"entire"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3546.8","end_time":"3547.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"United"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3547.15","end_time":"3547.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"States"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3547.46","end_time":"3547.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3547.56","end_time":"3547.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3547.74","end_time":"3547.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3547.98","end_time":"3548.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"California"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3548.64","end_time":"3548.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3548.75","end_time":"3549.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Nevada"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3549.97","end_time":"3550.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9322","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3550.82","end_time":"3551.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3551.84","end_time":"3552.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.13","end_time":"3552.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.47","end_time":"3552.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.62","end_time":"3552.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3552.69","end_time":"3553.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"label"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.12","end_time":"3554.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.58","end_time":"3554.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3554.78","end_time":"3555.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3555.45","end_time":"3555.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3555.64","end_time":"3555.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3555.7","end_time":"3556.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3556.75","end_time":"3557.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.07","end_time":"3557.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"generally"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.48","end_time":"3557.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.66","end_time":"3557.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3557.76","end_time":"3558.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3558.08","end_time":"3558.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3558.49","end_time":"3558.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3559.92","end_time":"3560.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.17","end_time":"3560.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.56","end_time":"3560.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3560.68","end_time":"3561.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3561.82","end_time":"3562.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9915","content":"codes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.45","end_time":"3562.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3562.91","end_time":"3563.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9092","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3563.09","end_time":"3563.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9544","content":"states"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3563.53","end_time":"3563.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9299","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3563.67","end_time":"3563.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7853","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3563.97","end_time":"3564.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"letter"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3564.27","end_time":"3564.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3565.3","end_time":"3565.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9336","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3565.63","end_time":"3565.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3565.88","end_time":"3565.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3565.98","end_time":"3566.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3566.14","end_time":"3566.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"areas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3567.16","end_time":"3567.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3567.49","end_time":"3568.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"integers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3568.09","end_time":"3568.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3568.26","end_time":"3568.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9084","content":"represents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3568.71","end_time":"3569.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"square"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3569.02","end_time":"3569.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"meters"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3569.57","end_time":"3569.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9382","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3569.82","end_time":"3570.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3570.33","end_time":"3570.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3570.44","end_time":"3570.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3570.53","end_time":"3571.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3571.03","end_time":"3571.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3571.14","end_time":"3571.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"states"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3571.52","end_time":"3571.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7322","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3571.65","end_time":"3572.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"strings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3572.2","end_time":"3572.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3572.35","end_time":"3572.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"represent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3572.81","end_time":"3572.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3572.96","end_time":"3573.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"state"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3573.31","end_time":"3573.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9655","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3573.77","end_time":"3574.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9835","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.01","end_time":"3574.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.14","end_time":"3574.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3574.21","end_time":"3575.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3575.14","end_time":"3575.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3575.52","end_time":"3575.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3575.88","end_time":"3575.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3575.96","end_time":"3576.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3576.19","end_time":"3576.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3576.38","end_time":"3576.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3576.53","end_time":"3576.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3576.68","end_time":"3576.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3576.8","end_time":"3577.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.02","end_time":"3577.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.14","end_time":"3577.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3577.67","end_time":"3577.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.77","end_time":"3577.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.84","end_time":"3577.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3577.96","end_time":"3578.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.12","end_time":"3578.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.21","end_time":"3578.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.43","end_time":"3578.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.75","end_time":"3578.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.9","end_time":"3578.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3578.97","end_time":"3579.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3579.92","end_time":"3580.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9554","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3580.18","end_time":"3580.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7443","content":"cause"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3580.34","end_time":"3580.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7409","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3580.44","end_time":"3581.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6243","content":"Honore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3581.02","end_time":"3581.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.42","end_time":"3581.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.64","end_time":"3581.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3581.75","end_time":"3582.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3582.09","end_time":"3582.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3583.22","end_time":"3583.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5166","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3584.02","end_time":"3584.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3584.17","end_time":"3584.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3584.53","end_time":"3584.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3584.69","end_time":"3584.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3584.97","end_time":"3585.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3585.11","end_time":"3585.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thought"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3585.33","end_time":"3585.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3585.43","end_time":"3585.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3585.55","end_time":"3585.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3585.61","end_time":"3586.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"collection"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3586.03","end_time":"3586.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3586.18","end_time":"3586.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9437","content":"rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3587.15","end_time":"3587.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9444","content":"rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3587.71","end_time":"3587.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3587.84","end_time":"3588.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"across"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3588.63","end_time":"3589.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3589.56","end_time":"3589.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8716","content":"rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3589.89","end_time":"3590.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3590.01","end_time":"3590.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3590.28","end_time":"3590.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3590.36","end_time":"3590.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9095","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3590.68","end_time":"3590.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9501","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3590.87","end_time":"3590.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3590.97","end_time":"3591.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5262","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3591.1","end_time":"3591.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3591.31","end_time":"3591.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3591.67","end_time":"3591.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3591.93","end_time":"3592.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"types"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3592.28","end_time":"3592.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3592.42","end_time":"3592.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3593.56","end_time":"3593.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9739","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3593.82","end_time":"3594.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9091","content":"Rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.1","end_time":"3594.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7815","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.18","end_time":"3594.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9861","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.29","end_time":"3594.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.49","end_time":"3594.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.68","end_time":"3594.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9889","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3594.87","end_time":"3595.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.673","content":"pools"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.11","end_time":"3595.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.24","end_time":"3595.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.33","end_time":"3595.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saw"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3595.56","end_time":"3596.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"earlier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3602.31","end_time":"3602.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3603.07","end_time":"3603.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.56","content":"Wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3603.5","end_time":"3603.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5941","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3603.73","end_time":"3603.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5171","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3607.44","end_time":"3607.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3607.72","end_time":"3608.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3608.22","end_time":"3608.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.35","end_time":"3608.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3695","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.52","end_time":"3608.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.64","end_time":"3608.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3608.9","end_time":"3609.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3609.04","end_time":"3609.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3609.67","end_time":"3610.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3610.58","end_time":"3610.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3610.73","end_time":"3610.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"won't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.0","end_time":"3611.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.3","end_time":"3611.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"worry"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.51","end_time":"3611.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3611.78","end_time":"3611.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5574","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3617.41","end_time":"3618.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.31","end_time":"3619.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.51","end_time":"3619.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.71","end_time":"3619.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3619.77","end_time":"3619.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3619.96","end_time":"3620.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.11","end_time":"3620.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3620.26","end_time":"3620.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.51","end_time":"3620.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3620.59","end_time":"3621.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"historical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3621.45","end_time":"3622.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3622.41","end_time":"3622.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5038","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3623.75","end_time":"3623.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3623.97","end_time":"3624.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.08","end_time":"3624.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8674","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.22","end_time":"3624.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8674","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.29","end_time":"3624.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.53","end_time":"3624.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3624.83","end_time":"3625.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"historical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3625.7","end_time":"3626.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3626.2","end_time":"3626.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3626.39","end_time":"3626.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3626.67","end_time":"3627.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.01","end_time":"3627.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9736","content":"czar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.21","end_time":"3627.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.56","end_time":"3627.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3627.9","end_time":"3628.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.07","end_time":"3628.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.18","end_time":"3628.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3628.4","end_time":"3628.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9643","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3629.11","end_time":"3629.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3629.8","end_time":"3630.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3630.01","end_time":"3630.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3630.17","end_time":"3630.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3630.4","end_time":"3630.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"Charles"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3630.94","end_time":"3631.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5261","content":"Minard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3632.01","end_time":"3632.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.17","end_time":"3632.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.3","end_time":"3632.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.39","end_time":"3632.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"civil"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3632.85","end_time":"3633.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"engineer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3634.21","end_time":"3634.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3634.82","end_time":"3635.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.09","end_time":"3635.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"known"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.39","end_time":"3635.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3635.57","end_time":"3636.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"creating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.09","end_time":"3636.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.19","end_time":"3636.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3636.52","end_time":"3637.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"famous"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3637.1","end_time":"3637.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3637.47","end_time":"3638.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"visualization"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3638.83","end_time":"3639.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3639.01","end_time":"3639.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nowadays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3639.73","end_time":"3639.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3639.86","end_time":"3640.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3640.2","end_time":"3640.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3640.88","end_time":"3641.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7561","content":"the's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3641.09","end_time":"3642.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6545","content":"infographics"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.19","end_time":"3642.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.31","end_time":"3642.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.5","end_time":"3642.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3642.73","end_time":"3643.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3643.17","end_time":"3644.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interactive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3644.03","end_time":"3644.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3644.3","end_time":"3645.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"displays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3645.03","end_time":"3645.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3645.63","end_time":"3646.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5111","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3646.25","end_time":"3646.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7699","content":"Fear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3646.53","end_time":"3646.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.878","content":"seeing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3646.72","end_time":"3646.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3646.97","end_time":"3647.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"New"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3647.07","end_time":"3647.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"York"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3647.35","end_time":"3647.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"Times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3647.8","end_time":"3648.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8702","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3648.22","end_time":"3648.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8836","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3648.34","end_time":"3648.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3648.45","end_time":"3648.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3649.26","end_time":"3649.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3649.47","end_time":"3649.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"heat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3649.76","end_time":"3650.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"maps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3650.38","end_time":"3650.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3650.49","end_time":"3650.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3650.7","end_time":"3650.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9727","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3650.87","end_time":"3651.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3651.39","end_time":"3651.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9695","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3651.58","end_time":"3651.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3651.85","end_time":"3652.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3652.65","end_time":"3652.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3652.85","end_time":"3653.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3653.07","end_time":"3653.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.37","end_time":"3653.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fun"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.67","end_time":"3653.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3653.78","end_time":"3654.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"play"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3654.01","end_time":"3654.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"around"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3654.34","end_time":"3654.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3654.51","end_time":"3654.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3656.07","end_time":"3656.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.47","end_time":"3656.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.78","end_time":"3656.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3656.89","end_time":"3657.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3118","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3657.02","end_time":"3657.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"nards"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3657.41","end_time":"3657.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3657.75","end_time":"3657.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8854","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3657.97","end_time":"3658.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.16","end_time":"3658.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.33","end_time":"3658.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.41","end_time":"3658.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.61","end_time":"3658.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"didn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3658.87","end_time":"3659.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3659.92","end_time":"3660.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.22","end_time":"3660.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3660.55","end_time":"3661.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"greatest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.0","end_time":"3661.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9908","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.25","end_time":"3661.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"visualization"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3661.98","end_time":"3662.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.08","end_time":"3662.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.27","end_time":"3662.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3662.82","end_time":"3663.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3663.23","end_time":"3663.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3663.61","end_time":"3663.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3663.71","end_time":"3664.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"display"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3664.41","end_time":"3664.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3664.56","end_time":"3664.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9768","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3664.62","end_time":"3664.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3664.82","end_time":"3665.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3665.06","end_time":"3665.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3665.19","end_time":"3666.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3666.02","end_time":"3666.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3666.28","end_time":"3666.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3666.82","end_time":"3667.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.39","end_time":"3667.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3667.77","end_time":"3668.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3668.01","end_time":"3668.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3668.93","end_time":"3669.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.18","end_time":"3669.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.27","end_time":"3669.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"format"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3669.89","end_time":"3670.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.07","end_time":"3670.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"told"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.33","end_time":"3670.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.37","end_time":"3670.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3670.91","end_time":"3671.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"much"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3671.14","end_time":"3671.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3671.31","end_time":"3671.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3671.41","end_time":"3671.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3671.63","end_time":"3671.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3672.33","end_time":"3672.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"New"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3672.47","end_time":"3672.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9911","content":"York"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3672.71","end_time":"3673.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"Times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3673.05","end_time":"3674.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9111","content":"visualizations"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.18","end_time":"3674.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.48","end_time":"3674.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"interesting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3674.97","end_time":"3675.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3675.07","end_time":"3675.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3675.25","end_time":"3675.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3675.31","end_time":"3675.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3675.91","end_time":"3676.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3678.1","end_time":"3678.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"his"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3678.39","end_time":"3678.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3678.79","end_time":"3678.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3678.97","end_time":"3679.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3679.08","end_time":"3679.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3679.25","end_time":"3679.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"telling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3679.7","end_time":"3679.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3679.89","end_time":"3680.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3680.34","end_time":"3680.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3680.46","end_time":"3680.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3680.64","end_time":"3681.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"French"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.53","end_time":"3681.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3681.76","end_time":"3681.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3681.94","end_time":"3682.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.09","end_time":"3682.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.3","end_time":"3682.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"talking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3682.77","end_time":"3682.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3682.94","end_time":"3683.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.07","end_time":"3683.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"telling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.33","end_time":"3683.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.42","end_time":"3683.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3683.79","end_time":"3684.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3684.36","end_time":"3685.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"Napoleon"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3685.11","end_time":"3685.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"invading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3685.69","end_time":"3686.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Russia"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3686.64","end_time":"3687.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.06","end_time":"3687.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.31","end_time":"3687.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kept"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3687.64","end_time":"3688.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3688.16","end_time":"3688.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3688.34","end_time":"3688.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3688.56","end_time":"3689.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6134","content":"visualization"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3689.93","end_time":"3690.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.23","end_time":"3690.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3690.87","end_time":"3691.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3691.26","end_time":"3692.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3692.35","end_time":"3692.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3692.6","end_time":"3692.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3692.72","end_time":"3692.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kept"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3692.97","end_time":"3693.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3693.36","end_time":"3693.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3693.49","end_time":"3693.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3693.74","end_time":"3693.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3693.96","end_time":"3694.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"soldiers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.5","end_time":"3694.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3694.7","end_time":"3695.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.06","end_time":"3695.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.21","end_time":"3695.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.43","end_time":"3695.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.7","end_time":"3695.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.83","end_time":"3695.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3695.9","end_time":"3696.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"march"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3696.91","end_time":"3697.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3697.36","end_time":"3697.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3697.48","end_time":"3697.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"march"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3697.87","end_time":"3698.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3698.2","end_time":"3698.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"advancing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3698.95","end_time":"3699.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"towards"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3699.45","end_time":"3700.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Russia"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3700.24","end_time":"3700.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3701.09","end_time":"3701.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"retreating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3701.74","end_time":"3702.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3702.87","end_time":"3703.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.06","end_time":"3703.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.25","end_time":"3703.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3884","content":"heir"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.36","end_time":"3703.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6459","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3703.95","end_time":"3704.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3704.12","end_time":"3704.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3704.26","end_time":"3704.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3704.71","end_time":"3705.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.03","end_time":"3705.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.2","end_time":"3705.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"four"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3705.84","end_time":"3705.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3705.99","end_time":"3706.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"latitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3706.65","end_time":"3706.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3706.81","end_time":"3707.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"longitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.46","end_time":"3707.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.58","end_time":"3707.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3707.83","end_time":"3708.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.07","end_time":"3708.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.25","end_time":"3708.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.39","end_time":"3708.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stopped"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3708.84","end_time":"3709.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3709.91","end_time":"3710.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9357","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3710.72","end_time":"3710.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3710.96","end_time":"3711.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3711.06","end_time":"3711.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3711.64","end_time":"3712.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"journey"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3712.22","end_time":"3712.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"He"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3712.34","end_time":"3712.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3712.66","end_time":"3712.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kept"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3712.92","end_time":"3713.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3713.2","end_time":"3713.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3713.37","end_time":"3713.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3713.48","end_time":"3714.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8003","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3715.27","end_time":"3715.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3715.85","end_time":"3716.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.04","end_time":"3716.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.16","end_time":"3716.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.42","end_time":"3716.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.54","end_time":"3716.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3716.99","end_time":"3717.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"journey"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3717.52","end_time":"3718.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3718.12","end_time":"3718.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3718.43","end_time":"3718.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3718.81","end_time":"3718.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3718.95","end_time":"3719.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.32","end_time":"3719.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.48","end_time":"3719.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.65","end_time":"3719.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.76","end_time":"3719.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3719.85","end_time":"3720.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3720.16","end_time":"3720.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cities"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3720.98","end_time":"3721.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3721.2","end_time":"3721.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3721.33","end_time":"3721.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3721.92","end_time":"3722.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3722.04","end_time":"3722.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3722.88","end_time":"3723.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3723.1","end_time":"3723.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3723.49","end_time":"3723.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9486","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3724.67","end_time":"3724.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3724.78","end_time":"3725.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.18","end_time":"3725.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.57","end_time":"3725.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.72","end_time":"3725.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.87","end_time":"3725.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3725.97","end_time":"3726.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3726.31","end_time":"3726.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3726.47","end_time":"3726.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3726.6","end_time":"3726.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3726.75","end_time":"3727.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3727.38","end_time":"3727.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3727.72","end_time":"3727.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3727.85","end_time":"3728.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3728.0","end_time":"3728.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3728.15","end_time":"3728.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3728.46","end_time":"3728.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3728.69","end_time":"3728.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3728.87","end_time":"3729.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3729.01","end_time":"3729.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3729.16","end_time":"3729.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3729.33","end_time":"3729.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9551","content":"he"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3729.47","end_time":"3729.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9567","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3729.59","end_time":"3729.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3729.81","end_time":"3730.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3730.06","end_time":"3730.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3730.16","end_time":"3730.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3730.37","end_time":"3730.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3730.55","end_time":"3730.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"soldiers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3730.98","end_time":"3731.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.11","end_time":"3731.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.42","end_time":"3731.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.73","end_time":"3731.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3731.84","end_time":"3732.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.05","end_time":"3732.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.3","end_time":"3732.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.39","end_time":"3732.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3732.47","end_time":"3732.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"march"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3733.22","end_time":"3733.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whether"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.54","end_time":"3733.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.69","end_time":"3733.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3733.85","end_time":"3734.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"advancing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3734.42","end_time":"3734.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"towards"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3734.68","end_time":"3734.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Russia"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3734.99","end_time":"3735.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.16","end_time":"3735.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"retreating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3735.92","end_time":"3736.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.45","end_time":"3736.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3736.91","end_time":"3737.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.02","end_time":"3737.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.28","end_time":"3737.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3737.46","end_time":"3738.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"located"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3738.7","end_time":"3739.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3739.36","end_time":"3739.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3739.5","end_time":"3739.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3739.59","end_time":"3740.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.36","end_time":"3740.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.55","end_time":"3740.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3740.64","end_time":"3741.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.05","end_time":"3741.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3741.23","end_time":"3741.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"retreat"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.1","end_time":"3742.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.36","end_time":"3742.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.54","end_time":"3742.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.73","end_time":"3742.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3742.8","end_time":"3743.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"date"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3745.5","end_time":"3745.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3745.78","end_time":"3746.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3746.16","end_time":"3746.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3746.26","end_time":"3747.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"picture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3748.6","end_time":"3749.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8491","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3749.01","end_time":"3749.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"Cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3751.27","end_time":"3751.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3751.55","end_time":"3751.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3751.65","end_time":"3751.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3751.95","end_time":"3752.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3752.17","end_time":"3752.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3752.63","end_time":"3752.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3752.81","end_time":"3753.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3753.16","end_time":"3753.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3753.5","end_time":"3753.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3753.77","end_time":"3754.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3754.5","end_time":"3754.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3754.7","end_time":"3754.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3754.92","end_time":"3755.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.16","end_time":"3755.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.37","end_time":"3755.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.6","end_time":"3755.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.71","end_time":"3755.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"seems"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3755.94","end_time":"3756.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3756.08","end_time":"3756.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3756.15","end_time":"3756.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3756.43","end_time":"3756.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3756.85","end_time":"3757.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8464","content":"picture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3758.69","end_time":"3758.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3758.99","end_time":"3759.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3759.15","end_time":"3759.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3759.5","end_time":"3759.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3759.62","end_time":"3760.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3760.09","end_time":"3760.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3760.18","end_time":"3760.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6973","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3760.39","end_time":"3760.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6973","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.05","end_time":"3762.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9923","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.19","end_time":"3762.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.38","end_time":"3762.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"through"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.6","end_time":"3762.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3762.8","end_time":"3763.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6698","content":"sex"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3763.14","end_time":"3763.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3764.04","end_time":"3764.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3764.68","end_time":"3765.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"direction"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.23","end_time":"3765.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.36","end_time":"3765.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3765.45","end_time":"3766.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"march"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3768.31","end_time":"3768.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3768.49","end_time":"3768.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3768.93","end_time":"3769.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3769.15","end_time":"3769.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3770.99","end_time":"3771.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3771.23","end_time":"3772.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3772.06","end_time":"3772.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3772.41","end_time":"3772.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"towards"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3772.79","end_time":"3773.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Moscow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.59","end_time":"3773.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.76","end_time":"3773.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3773.94","end_time":"3774.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3774.16","end_time":"3774.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"returned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3775.97","end_time":"3776.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3776.22","end_time":"3776.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3776.35","end_time":"3776.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3776.45","end_time":"3777.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"color"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3777.24","end_time":"3777.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"indicates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3777.76","end_time":"3777.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3777.85","end_time":"3778.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"direction"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3778.59","end_time":"3778.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3778.85","end_time":"3779.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"easy"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3779.75","end_time":"3780.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.78","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3780.37","end_time":"3780.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"latitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3780.98","end_time":"3781.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3781.09","end_time":"3781.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"longitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3781.68","end_time":"3782.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3782.36","end_time":"3782.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3782.58","end_time":"3782.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3782.75","end_time":"3783.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4662","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3783.28","end_time":"3783.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3784.4","end_time":"3784.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3784.96","end_time":"3785.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.11","end_time":"3785.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.29","end_time":"3785.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.64","end_time":"3785.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3785.8","end_time":"3786.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3786.1","end_time":"3786.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3786.62","end_time":"3787.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3787.1","end_time":"3787.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7228","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3787.26","end_time":"3787.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"relates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3787.84","end_time":"3788.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"relative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.28","end_time":"3788.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.4","end_time":"3788.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.55","end_time":"3788.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3788.79","end_time":"3789.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cities"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3789.22","end_time":"3789.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9523","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3789.64","end_time":"3789.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3789.86","end_time":"3790.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Moscow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3790.37","end_time":"3790.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3790.58","end_time":"3791.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3791.08","end_time":"3791.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"furthest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3791.58","end_time":"3791.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"North"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3791.98","end_time":"3792.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3792.29","end_time":"3792.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3792.44","end_time":"3792.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3792.58","end_time":"3792.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"trip"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3793.39","end_time":"3793.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3793.64","end_time":"3793.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3793.75","end_time":"3793.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3793.87","end_time":"3794.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.16","end_time":"3794.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3794.26","end_time":"3794.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"furthest"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3794.88","end_time":"3795.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7143","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3796.0","end_time":"3796.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5584","content":"Eastpoint"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3796.67","end_time":"3796.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3796.81","end_time":"3796.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3796.95","end_time":"3797.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"trip"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3797.58","end_time":"3797.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3797.82","end_time":"3798.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.24","end_time":"3798.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.49","end_time":"3798.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9783","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.85","end_time":"3798.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3798.99","end_time":"3799.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"fact"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.23","end_time":"3799.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.35","end_time":"3799.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9747","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.47","end_time":"3799.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"laid"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.74","end_time":"3799.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3799.89","end_time":"3800.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3800.05","end_time":"3800.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3800.11","end_time":"3800.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3800.55","end_time":"3800.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3800.73","end_time":"3801.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.02","end_time":"3801.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conveys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.58","end_time":"3801.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6362","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3801.79","end_time":"3802.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"geographical"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3802.79","end_time":"3803.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"latitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.29","end_time":"3803.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.41","end_time":"3803.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"longitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3803.89","end_time":"3804.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3807.08","end_time":"3807.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3807.26","end_time":"3807.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3807.53","end_time":"3807.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"things"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3810.93","end_time":"3811.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3811.18","end_time":"3811.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3811.76","end_time":"3811.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3811.9","end_time":"3811.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3811.97","end_time":"3812.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9791","content":"dates"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3812.39","end_time":"3812.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.24","end_time":"3813.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.56","end_time":"3813.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7491","content":"stuffs"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3813.87","end_time":"3814.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.03","end_time":"3814.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3814.12","end_time":"3814.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bottom"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3815.99","end_time":"3816.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9694","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3816.3","end_time":"3816.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5441","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3816.45","end_time":"3816.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3816.54","end_time":"3816.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3816.99","end_time":"3817.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"journey"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3817.34","end_time":"3817.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3817.56","end_time":"3817.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"shown"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3817.81","end_time":"3817.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3817.93","end_time":"3818.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"black"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3818.91","end_time":"3819.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3819.33","end_time":"3819.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3819.54","end_time":"3820.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3820.02","end_time":"3820.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"cities"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3821.74","end_time":"3821.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"They"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3821.89","end_time":"3822.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"had"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3822.53","end_time":"3823.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"readings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.12","end_time":"3823.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.23","end_time":"3823.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.45","end_time":"3823.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3823.55","end_time":"3824.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3824.08","end_time":"3824.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3824.73","end_time":"3824.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3824.91","end_time":"3825.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8316","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3825.09","end_time":"3825.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3825.38","end_time":"3825.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"places"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3826.32","end_time":"3826.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3826.54","end_time":"3826.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3826.67","end_time":"3826.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3826.84","end_time":"3827.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3827.19","end_time":"3827.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.05","end_time":"3828.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9479","content":"red"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.53","end_time":"3828.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3828.93","end_time":"3829.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9598","content":"graph"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3829.35","end_time":"3829.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3829.7","end_time":"3829.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3829.99","end_time":"3830.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8679","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.18","end_time":"3830.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3830.69","end_time":"3830.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9746","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.82","end_time":"3830.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3830.88","end_time":"3831.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.07","end_time":"3831.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.23","end_time":"3831.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"backwards"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.65","end_time":"3831.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.75","end_time":"3831.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.84","end_time":"3831.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8975","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3831.93","end_time":"3832.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8771","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3832.03","end_time":"3832.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3832.2","end_time":"3832.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3832.25","end_time":"3832.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"graph"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3832.6","end_time":"3832.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9887","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3832.94","end_time":"3833.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.33","end_time":"3833.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.45","end_time":"3833.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3833.81","end_time":"3834.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.03","end_time":"3834.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.26","end_time":"3834.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.36","end_time":"3834.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.66","end_time":"3834.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3834.84","end_time":"3835.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3835.16","end_time":"3835.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3835.29","end_time":"3835.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"marched"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3835.84","end_time":"3836.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.06","end_time":"3836.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.32","end_time":"3836.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.44","end_time":"3836.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.75","end_time":"3836.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3836.93","end_time":"3837.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.16","end_time":"3837.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.58","end_time":"3837.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.77","end_time":"3837.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3837.98","end_time":"3838.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.08","end_time":"3838.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.38","end_time":"3838.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.47","end_time":"3838.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.61","end_time":"3838.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.72","end_time":"3838.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3838.81","end_time":"3839.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3839.24","end_time":"3839.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"journey"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3840.11","end_time":"3840.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3840.54","end_time":"3840.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3840.74","end_time":"3840.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3840.93","end_time":"3841.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"their"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.09","end_time":"3841.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.33","end_time":"3841.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3841.83","end_time":"3841.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3841.97","end_time":"3842.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.11","end_time":"3842.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"telling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.42","end_time":"3842.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.53","end_time":"3842.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3842.66","end_time":"3843.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.26","end_time":"3843.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3843.48","end_time":"3843.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.22","end_time":"3844.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.45","end_time":"3844.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.53","end_time":"3844.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"troops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.84","end_time":"3844.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3844.96","end_time":"3845.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"marching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3845.39","end_time":"3845.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3846.09","end_time":"3846.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3846.82","end_time":"3847.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3847.18","end_time":"3847.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"top"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3847.54","end_time":"3847.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3847.84","end_time":"3847.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3848.0","end_time":"3848.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3848.46","end_time":"3849.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3849.72","end_time":"3850.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.1","end_time":"3850.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.4","end_time":"3850.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.62","end_time":"3850.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3850.75","end_time":"3851.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3851.29","end_time":"3851.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"10"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3851.62","end_time":"3852.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3852.65","end_time":"3853.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3853.2","end_time":"3853.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"20"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3853.57","end_time":"3854.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3854.08","end_time":"3854.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3854.3","end_time":"3854.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3854.69","end_time":"3855.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3855.09","end_time":"3855.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9421","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3855.46","end_time":"3855.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3855.61","end_time":"3855.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3855.79","end_time":"3855.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3855.96","end_time":"3856.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Russia"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3857.19","end_time":"3857.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3857.58","end_time":"3858.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"November"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3858.12","end_time":"3858.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9648","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3858.24","end_time":"3859.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"December"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3859.33","end_time":"3860.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3860.69","end_time":"3861.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6573","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3861.11","end_time":"3861.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3861.34","end_time":"3861.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3861.6","end_time":"3862.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cold"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3862.59","end_time":"3862.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3862.81","end_time":"3863.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.05","end_time":"3863.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.17","end_time":"3863.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.34","end_time":"3863.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3863.66","end_time":"3864.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3864.06","end_time":"3864.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3864.2","end_time":"3864.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"October"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3864.71","end_time":"3865.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9287","content":"15th"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3866.09","end_time":"3866.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.36","end_time":"3866.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.46","end_time":"3866.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.58","end_time":"3866.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9843","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.69","end_time":"3866.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3866.79","end_time":"3867.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Moscow"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3868.39","end_time":"3869.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.03","end_time":"3869.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"wherever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.41","end_time":"3869.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.54","end_time":"3869.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3869.73","end_time":"3870.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3870.63","end_time":"3871.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.1","end_time":"3871.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"October"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3871.6","end_time":"3872.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99785","content":"24th"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3873.29","end_time":"3873.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"Then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3873.46","end_time":"3873.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3873.57","end_time":"3873.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3873.82","end_time":"3874.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.3","end_time":"3874.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3874.63","end_time":"3875.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3875.25","end_time":"3875.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3875.41","end_time":"3875.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"November"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3875.84","end_time":"3876.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5288","content":"9th"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3876.88","end_time":"3877.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"Negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3877.3","end_time":"3877.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"21"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3877.91","end_time":"3878.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3878.84","end_time":"3879.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3879.1","end_time":"3879.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3879.27","end_time":"3879.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3879.53","end_time":"3879.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keeps"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3879.84","end_time":"3880.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"track"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3880.19","end_time":"3880.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3880.69","end_time":"3881.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"both"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.02","end_time":"3881.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.12","end_time":"3881.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.71","end_time":"3881.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.88","end_time":"3881.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3881.96","end_time":"3882.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3882.94","end_time":"3883.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3883.14","end_time":"3883.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3883.38","end_time":"3883.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8884","content":"red"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3884.06","end_time":"3884.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9611","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3885.09","end_time":"3885.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.36","end_time":"3885.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9463","content":"red"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3885.57","end_time":"3886.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4992","content":"graph"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3887.06","end_time":"3887.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3887.23","end_time":"3887.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3888.19","end_time":"3888.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3888.4","end_time":"3888.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"real"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3888.63","end_time":"3889.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.16","end_time":"3889.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.39","end_time":"3889.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"being"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.59","end_time":"3889.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"told"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3889.93","end_time":"3890.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.72","end_time":"3891.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3891.98","end_time":"3892.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3892.08","end_time":"3892.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3892.45","end_time":"3892.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3892.54","end_time":"3893.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"soldiers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3893.79","end_time":"3893.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6884","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3893.87","end_time":"3894.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9468","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3894.57","end_time":"3894.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.79","end_time":"3894.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3894.89","end_time":"3895.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3895.25","end_time":"3895.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3895.34","end_time":"3896.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"soldiers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3896.08","end_time":"3896.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3896.23","end_time":"3896.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"represented"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3896.85","end_time":"3897.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3897.04","end_time":"3897.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3897.26","end_time":"3898.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thickness"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3898.93","end_time":"3899.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3899.25","end_time":"3899.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3899.81","end_time":"3900.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3900.47","end_time":"3900.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3900.7","end_time":"3900.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3900.95","end_time":"3901.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.31","end_time":"3901.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3901.43","end_time":"3902.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3902.79","end_time":"3903.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3903.52","end_time":"3903.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3903.69","end_time":"3904.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thickness"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.19","end_time":"3904.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.33","end_time":"3904.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.44","end_time":"3904.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"bar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3904.86","end_time":"3905.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.1","end_time":"3905.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"proportional"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.78","end_time":"3905.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3905.92","end_time":"3906.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.01","end_time":"3906.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.28","end_time":"3906.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.36","end_time":"3906.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"soldiers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.77","end_time":"3906.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3906.93","end_time":"3907.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.04","end_time":"3907.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"alive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.47","end_time":"3907.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.61","end_time":"3907.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3907.8","end_time":"3908.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.03","end_time":"3908.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.12","end_time":"3908.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3908.2","end_time":"3908.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"march"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3908.93","end_time":"3909.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.13","end_time":"3909.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.31","end_time":"3909.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.7","end_time":"3909.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3909.93","end_time":"3910.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3910.39","end_time":"3910.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3910.66","end_time":"3911.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"soldiers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3912.38","end_time":"3912.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3913.48","end_time":"3913.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3913.84","end_time":"3914.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.23","end_time":"3914.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.37","end_time":"3914.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3914.64","end_time":"3915.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3915.26","end_time":"3915.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3915.5","end_time":"3915.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"bar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3915.75","end_time":"3916.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"thins"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3916.24","end_time":"3916.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3917.3","end_time":"3917.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9232","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3917.69","end_time":"3917.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3917.93","end_time":"3918.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8939","content":"thins"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3918.26","end_time":"3918.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3918.49","end_time":"3918.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5643","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3918.63","end_time":"3918.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9768","content":"thins"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3918.9","end_time":"3919.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3919.21","end_time":"3919.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.482","content":"thins"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3919.5","end_time":"3919.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3919.74","end_time":"3919.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.09","end_time":"3920.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.31","end_time":"3920.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.39","end_time":"3920.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.54","end_time":"3920.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.58","end_time":"3920.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"small"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3920.96","end_time":"3921.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"proportion"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3921.48","end_time":"3921.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3921.63","end_time":"3921.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"those"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3921.84","end_time":"3921.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"who"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3921.97","end_time":"3922.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3922.27","end_time":"3922.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3922.52","end_time":"3922.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3923.59","end_time":"3923.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7714","content":"Great"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3924.26","end_time":"3924.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3924.53","end_time":"3924.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3924.69","end_time":"3924.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cool"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3924.98","end_time":"3925.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.3","end_time":"3925.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.39","end_time":"3925.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.56","end_time":"3925.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.82","end_time":"3925.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3925.91","end_time":"3926.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3926.19","end_time":"3926.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3926.35","end_time":"3926.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3926.76","end_time":"3926.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3926.85","end_time":"3927.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3927.7","end_time":"3928.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8403","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3928.4","end_time":"3928.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3928.65","end_time":"3929.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"small"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.1","end_time":"3929.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.37","end_time":"3929.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3929.54","end_time":"3930.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3930.69","end_time":"3931.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3931.59","end_time":"3931.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3931.92","end_time":"3932.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3932.94","end_time":"3933.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3934.7","end_time":"3934.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3934.93","end_time":"3934.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9925","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3934.96","end_time":"3935.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3935.08","end_time":"3935.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3935.26","end_time":"3935.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3935.42","end_time":"3935.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3935.77","end_time":"3936.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3936.16","end_time":"3936.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3937.59","end_time":"3938.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3939.47","end_time":"3939.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3939.74","end_time":"3940.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"smaller"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3940.37","end_time":"3940.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3940.74","end_time":"3941.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3941.0","end_time":"3941.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3941.22","end_time":"3941.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3941.49","end_time":"3942.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3942.24","end_time":"3942.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3942.46","end_time":"3942.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.59","end_time":"3942.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.73","end_time":"3942.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3942.82","end_time":"3943.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tiny"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3943.33","end_time":"3943.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thin"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.63","end_time":"3943.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"black"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3943.95","end_time":"3944.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8539","content":"line"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3944.82","end_time":"3945.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3945.02","end_time":"3945.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3945.26","end_time":"3945.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3946.05","end_time":"3946.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4461","content":"Oh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3946.2","end_time":"3946.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7038","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3946.3","end_time":"3946.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3946.37","end_time":"3946.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guess"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3946.55","end_time":"3946.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3946.64","end_time":"3946.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3946.85","end_time":"3947.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.03","end_time":"3947.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.11","end_time":"3947.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.23","end_time":"3947.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"down"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.49","end_time":"3947.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3947.59","end_time":"3948.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9932","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3948.02","end_time":"3948.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3948.2","end_time":"3948.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3948.46","end_time":"3948.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3948.85","end_time":"3949.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3949.06","end_time":"3949.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3949.94","end_time":"3950.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"small"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3950.35","end_time":"3950.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3950.53","end_time":"3950.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3950.66","end_time":"3951.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3951.07","end_time":"3951.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3951.56","end_time":"3952.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"aborted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3952.04","end_time":"3952.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"immediately"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3953.29","end_time":"3953.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.52","end_time":"3953.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"even"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3953.81","end_time":"3954.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3954.31","end_time":"3954.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.56","end_time":"3954.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.74","end_time":"3954.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3954.93","end_time":"3955.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3955.05","end_time":"3955.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3955.24","end_time":"3955.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3955.49","end_time":"3955.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3956.36","end_time":"3956.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6976","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3956.98","end_time":"3957.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3957.48","end_time":"3958.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"significant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3958.08","end_time":"3958.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"group"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3958.27","end_time":"3958.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3958.41","end_time":"3959.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"people"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3959.99","end_time":"3960.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8687","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3961.34","end_time":"3962.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"aborted"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3963.35","end_time":"3963.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3963.66","end_time":"3963.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"early"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3963.94","end_time":"3964.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3964.88","end_time":"3965.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3966.63","end_time":"3967.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3968.18","end_time":"3968.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3968.47","end_time":"3968.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3968.62","end_time":"3968.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3968.83","end_time":"3969.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.06","end_time":"3969.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3969.32","end_time":"3969.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.45","end_time":"3969.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3969.8","end_time":"3970.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.3","end_time":"3970.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8317","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.48","end_time":"3970.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3970.7","end_time":"3971.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.05","end_time":"3971.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.27","end_time":"3971.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.46","end_time":"3971.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3971.86","end_time":"3972.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8984","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.02","end_time":"3972.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.12","end_time":"3972.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9918","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.33","end_time":"3972.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3972.45","end_time":"3973.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"departed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3973.73","end_time":"3973.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3973.88","end_time":"3974.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"ones"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.13","end_time":"3974.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.33","end_time":"3974.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.54","end_time":"3974.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.62","end_time":"3974.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.87","end_time":"3974.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3974.97","end_time":"3975.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3976.29","end_time":"3976.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3976.54","end_time":"3976.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3976.63","end_time":"3976.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9833","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3976.79","end_time":"3977.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3977.04","end_time":"3977.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3977.28","end_time":"3977.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3977.73","end_time":"3977.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3977.98","end_time":"3978.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3978.13","end_time":"3978.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"went"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3978.46","end_time":"3978.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3978.72","end_time":"3979.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"thinning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3979.06","end_time":"3979.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3982.15","end_time":"3982.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3982.63","end_time":"3982.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3982.98","end_time":"3983.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3983.18","end_time":"3983.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3983.29","end_time":"3983.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3983.74","end_time":"3984.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trip"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.09","end_time":"3984.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.59","end_time":"3984.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3984.89","end_time":"3985.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3985.14","end_time":"3985.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3985.36","end_time":"3985.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3985.49","end_time":"3985.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mostly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3985.86","end_time":"3986.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"devastated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3986.82","end_time":"3987.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3987.17","end_time":"3987.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3987.29","end_time":"3987.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"return"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3987.69","end_time":"3988.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9515","content":"trip"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3988.03","end_time":"3988.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"waas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3988.98","end_time":"3989.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"October"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3989.67","end_time":"3990.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"November"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3990.24","end_time":"3990.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3990.35","end_time":"3991.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"December"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3991.49","end_time":"3991.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3991.76","end_time":"3991.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3991.99","end_time":"3992.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3992.12","end_time":"3992.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3992.22","end_time":"3992.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.645","content":"temperature's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3992.93","end_time":"3993.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9364","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3993.59","end_time":"3994.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3994.33","end_time":"3995.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"21"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3995.02","end_time":"3995.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3995.75","end_time":"3996.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3996.28","end_time":"3996.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"30"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3996.73","end_time":"3997.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3997.87","end_time":"3998.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3998.13","end_time":"3998.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.26","end_time":"3998.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.33","end_time":"3998.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.48","end_time":"3998.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"freezing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"3998.84","end_time":"3999.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cold"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"3999.93","end_time":"4000.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.73","end_time":"4000.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4000.97","end_time":"4001.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4001.16","end_time":"4001.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4001.44","end_time":"4002.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4002.65","end_time":"4003.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"instances"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.57","end_time":"4003.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4003.76","end_time":"4004.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4004.15","end_time":"4004.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4004.53","end_time":"4004.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4005.95","end_time":"4006.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.21","end_time":"4006.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.28","end_time":"4006.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9972","content":"troops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.67","end_time":"4006.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9604","content":"thinned"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4006.98","end_time":"4007.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9604","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4007.39","end_time":"4007.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9114","content":"our"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4007.73","end_time":"4008.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"river"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4008.08","end_time":"4008.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"crossings"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4009.08","end_time":"4009.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9746","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4009.31","end_time":"4009.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.44","end_time":"4009.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.692","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.56","end_time":"4009.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6916","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.66","end_time":"4009.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4009.88","end_time":"4010.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"river"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4010.14","end_time":"4010.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"crossing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4010.54","end_time":"4011.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9946","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4011.2","end_time":"4011.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"Got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.52","end_time":"4011.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9947","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.56","end_time":"4011.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4011.75","end_time":"4012.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"thinner"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4012.18","end_time":"4012.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4012.97","end_time":"4013.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4013.22","end_time":"4013.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4013.41","end_time":"4013.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4013.59","end_time":"4014.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4014.02","end_time":"4014.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"significant"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4015.33","end_time":"4015.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9333","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4015.42","end_time":"4015.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9604","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4016.03","end_time":"4016.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4016.22","end_time":"4016.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4016.59","end_time":"4016.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happened"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4016.99","end_time":"4017.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.13","end_time":"4017.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.35","end_time":"4017.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"river"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4017.58","end_time":"4018.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"crossing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4018.06","end_time":"4018.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9707","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4018.56","end_time":"4018.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4018.69","end_time":"4018.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"big"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4018.96","end_time":"4019.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4019.81","end_time":"4020.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"black"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4020.25","end_time":"4020.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"bar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4021.54","end_time":"4022.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4022.15","end_time":"4022.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"troops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4022.62","end_time":"4022.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.0","end_time":"4023.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"returning"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4023.53","end_time":"4024.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4024.04","end_time":"4024.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4024.34","end_time":"4024.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4024.6","end_time":"4024.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4024.68","end_time":"4025.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thin"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.02","end_time":"4025.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"black"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.36","end_time":"4025.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9815","content":"bar"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.6","end_time":"4025.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9808","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4025.73","end_time":"4026.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"troops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4026.02","end_time":"4026.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4026.4","end_time":"4026.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4026.66","end_time":"4026.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8844","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4026.74","end_time":"4027.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"home"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4027.61","end_time":"4027.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4027.89","end_time":"4028.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4028.19","end_time":"4028.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4028.31","end_time":"4028.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4028.43","end_time":"4028.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"trying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4028.66","end_time":"4028.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4028.72","end_time":"4029.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cross"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.03","end_time":"4029.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.13","end_time":"4029.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"river"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.68","end_time":"4029.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.82","end_time":"4029.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4029.92","end_time":"4030.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4030.08","end_time":"4030.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4030.3","end_time":"4030.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"negative"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4030.72","end_time":"4031.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"20"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4031.03","end_time":"4031.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"degrees"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4033.02","end_time":"4033.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4033.26","end_time":"4033.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4033.48","end_time":"4033.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4033.69","end_time":"4033.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4033.83","end_time":"4034.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4034.3","end_time":"4034.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4034.62","end_time":"4034.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4035.31","end_time":"4035.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.47","end_time":"4035.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"here's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4035.71","end_time":"4036.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4036.15","end_time":"4036.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"river"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4036.43","end_time":"4037.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"crossing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4037.85","end_time":"4038.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4038.41","end_time":"4038.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4038.57","end_time":"4038.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4038.67","end_time":"4038.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4038.83","end_time":"4039.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4039.07","end_time":"4039.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4039.36","end_time":"4040.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"numbers"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4040.88","end_time":"4041.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8821","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4041.42","end_time":"4041.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4041.72","end_time":"4042.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.06","end_time":"4042.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4042.77","end_time":"4043.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.26","end_time":"4043.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.38","end_time":"4043.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"troops"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4043.94","end_time":"4044.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"left"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.37","end_time":"4044.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.51","end_time":"4044.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"each"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4044.73","end_time":"4045.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"point"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4045.33","end_time":"4045.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.62","end_time":"4047.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.73","end_time":"4047.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4047.94","end_time":"4048.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.17","end_time":"4048.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.31","end_time":"4048.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"started"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.68","end_time":"4048.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4048.84","end_time":"4049.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4049.19","end_time":"4051.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"422,000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.15","end_time":"4051.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.37","end_time":"4051.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"came"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.64","end_time":"4051.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4051.96","end_time":"4052.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.08","end_time":"4053.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"about"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4053.43","end_time":"4054.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99875","content":"10,000"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4055.28","end_time":"4055.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4055.91","end_time":"4056.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4056.24","end_time":"4056.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4057.58","end_time":"4057.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4057.87","end_time":"4058.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"devastating"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4059.32","end_time":"4059.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.53","end_time":"4059.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4059.92","end_time":"4060.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.22","end_time":"4060.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"picture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4060.7","end_time":"4061.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.04","end_time":"4061.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.796","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.24","end_time":"4061.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4061.43","end_time":"4062.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4062.29","end_time":"4062.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5512","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4062.33","end_time":"4062.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5993","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4062.51","end_time":"4062.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4062.67","end_time":"4062.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4062.75","end_time":"4062.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4062.94","end_time":"4063.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4063.23","end_time":"4063.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4063.4","end_time":"4063.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.51","end_time":"4063.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.59","end_time":"4063.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.75","end_time":"4063.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4063.94","end_time":"4064.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4064.02","end_time":"4064.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4065.3","end_time":"4065.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4065.61","end_time":"4065.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9403","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4065.69","end_time":"4065.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"looking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4065.86","end_time":"4065.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4065.94","end_time":"4066.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.09","end_time":"4066.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.24","end_time":"4066.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"picture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4066.58","end_time":"4066.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.7","end_time":"4066.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.82","end_time":"4066.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4066.88","end_time":"4067.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9854","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4067.13","end_time":"4067.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"nice"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4067.34","end_time":"4067.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"picture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4067.65","end_time":"4068.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.66","end_time":"4068.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4068.82","end_time":"4069.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4069.08","end_time":"4069.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"six"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4069.4","end_time":"4069.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.11","end_time":"4070.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pieces"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.57","end_time":"4070.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4070.78","end_time":"4071.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4072.01","end_time":"4072.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4072.3","end_time":"4072.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.44","end_time":"4072.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9821","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.6","end_time":"4072.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4072.91","end_time":"4073.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cluttered"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4074.72","end_time":"4075.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4075.68","end_time":"4076.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8777","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4076.39","end_time":"4076.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pretty"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4076.73","end_time":"4076.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4076.96","end_time":"4077.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"visually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4077.49","end_time":"4078.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"appealing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4078.25","end_time":"4078.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4078.9","end_time":"4079.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4079.07","end_time":"4079.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4079.16","end_time":"4079.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"conveys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4079.59","end_time":"4079.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8012","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4079.69","end_time":"4080.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"story"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4080.16","end_time":"4080.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4080.45","end_time":"4081.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"overwhelming"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.17","end_time":"4081.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.29","end_time":"4081.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.53","end_time":"4081.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4081.79","end_time":"4082.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"information"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4082.97","end_time":"4083.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.19","end_time":"4083.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.36","end_time":"4083.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.53","end_time":"4083.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9747","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.71","end_time":"4083.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4083.94","end_time":"4084.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4084.08","end_time":"4084.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.752","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4084.43","end_time":"4084.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4879","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4085.6","end_time":"4085.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4085.81","end_time":"4086.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"underlying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4086.69","end_time":"4086.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4086.93","end_time":"4087.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.05","end_time":"4087.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.38","end_time":"4087.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4087.96","end_time":"4088.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4088.2","end_time":"4088.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9208","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4088.43","end_time":"4088.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4088.63","end_time":"4089.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8892","content":"visualization"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4090.44","end_time":"4090.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4090.6","end_time":"4090.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4090.77","end_time":"4090.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4090.95","end_time":"4091.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"made"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4096.27","end_time":"4096.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.39","end_time":"4096.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4096.76","end_time":"4097.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"powering"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4097.3","end_time":"4097.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4097.38","end_time":"4097.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"map"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4100.57","end_time":"4101.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.77","end_time":"4102.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4102.97","end_time":"4103.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4103.31","end_time":"4103.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"imported"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4103.76","end_time":"4104.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4104.1","end_time":"4104.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Once"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.34","end_time":"4104.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7933","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4104.46","end_time":"4104.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"imported"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4104.92","end_time":"4105.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.0","end_time":"4105.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.22","end_time":"4105.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.34","end_time":"4105.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.42","end_time":"4105.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.57","end_time":"4105.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4105.71","end_time":"4106.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4110.34","end_time":"4110.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.7","end_time":"4110.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.77","end_time":"4110.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4110.97","end_time":"4111.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9718","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.12","end_time":"4111.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.3","end_time":"4111.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"weird"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.57","end_time":"4111.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"error"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4111.85","end_time":"4112.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.34","end_time":"4112.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.38","end_time":"4112.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.6","end_time":"4112.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4112.63","end_time":"4112.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4112.84","end_time":"4113.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4113.04","end_time":"4113.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4113.16","end_time":"4113.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"later"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4113.54","end_time":"4113.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"version"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4113.85","end_time":"4113.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4113.96","end_time":"4114.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4114.41","end_time":"4114.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7617","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4114.57","end_time":"4114.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4114.65","end_time":"4115.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4115.57","end_time":"4115.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4115.9","end_time":"4116.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.03","end_time":"4116.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.09","end_time":"4116.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"run"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.29","end_time":"4116.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.39","end_time":"4116.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4116.6","end_time":"4116.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.67","end_time":"4116.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"goes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4116.89","end_time":"4117.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"away"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4117.14","end_time":"4117.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.3","end_time":"4117.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.39","end_time":"4117.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9612","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.56","end_time":"4117.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ignore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4117.9","end_time":"4118.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4119.07","end_time":"4119.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9487","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4120.37","end_time":"4120.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.65","end_time":"4120.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4120.96","end_time":"4121.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4121.03","end_time":"4121.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4122.32","end_time":"4122.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4122.58","end_time":"4123.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4123.07","end_time":"4123.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4123.19","end_time":"4123.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4123.65","end_time":"4123.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4123.74","end_time":"4123.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5963","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4123.98","end_time":"4124.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5996","content":"S"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4124.11","end_time":"4124.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4376","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4124.32","end_time":"4124.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4124.78","end_time":"4124.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4124.94","end_time":"4125.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"contains"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4125.39","end_time":"4125.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4125.58","end_time":"4126.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4126.42","end_time":"4126.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4126.6","end_time":"4126.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4126.76","end_time":"4127.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4127.07","end_time":"4127.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4127.17","end_time":"4127.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9677","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4127.41","end_time":"4127.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9685","content":"python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4127.9","end_time":"4128.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.02","end_time":"4128.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.2","end_time":"4128.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.37","end_time":"4128.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9851","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.45","end_time":"4128.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9952","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.62","end_time":"4128.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"work"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4128.9","end_time":"4129.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4129.07","end_time":"4129.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4131.07","end_time":"4131.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4131.38","end_time":"4131.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"let"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4131.49","end_time":"4131.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4131.58","end_time":"4131.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"try"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4131.79","end_time":"4132.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"toe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4137.67","end_time":"4138.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4138.22","end_time":"4138.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4143.41","end_time":"4143.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4143.74","end_time":"4144.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4144.17","end_time":"4144.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4145.27","end_time":"4145.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9023","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4145.6","end_time":"4145.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4145.76","end_time":"4145.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4145.84","end_time":"4146.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4146.04","end_time":"4146.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4148.37","end_time":"4148.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"open"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4148.72","end_time":"4148.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4148.96","end_time":"4149.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4149.12","end_time":"4149.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4149.81","end_time":"4150.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4150.12","end_time":"4150.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9399","content":"pad"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4152.42","end_time":"4152.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9825","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4152.65","end_time":"4152.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.76","end_time":"4152.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4152.95","end_time":"4153.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.1","end_time":"4153.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.25","end_time":"4153.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.43","end_time":"4153.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4609","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.64","end_time":"4153.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4946","content":"s"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.8","end_time":"4153.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4531","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4153.99","end_time":"4154.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4154.34","end_time":"4154.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4154.62","end_time":"4154.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4154.85","end_time":"4155.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"somewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4155.78","end_time":"4155.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4155.95","end_time":"4156.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4156.07","end_time":"4156.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4156.56","end_time":"4157.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"folder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4157.75","end_time":"4158.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4158.02","end_time":"4158.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9883","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4158.12","end_time":"4158.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9824","content":"notebook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4158.6","end_time":"4158.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4158.77","end_time":"4159.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.32","end_time":"4159.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.63","end_time":"4159.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4159.81","end_time":"4160.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"using"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4160.13","end_time":"4160.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4160.34","end_time":"4160.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.03","end_time":"4161.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.14","end_time":"4161.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.41","end_time":"4161.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.64","end_time":"4161.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9919","content":"comma"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4161.97","end_time":"4162.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"separated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.51","end_time":"4162.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.649","content":"value"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4162.92","end_time":"4163.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9091","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4163.03","end_time":"4163.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3688","content":"CS"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4163.48","end_time":"4163.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4128","content":"avi"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4163.69","end_time":"4164.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"file"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4164.48","end_time":"4164.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4164.69","end_time":"4164.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4164.83","end_time":"4165.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4165.11","end_time":"4165.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4165.19","end_time":"4165.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"bunch"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4165.52","end_time":"4166.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.11","end_time":"4167.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9661","content":"values"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4167.94","end_time":"4168.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"separated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.63","end_time":"4168.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4168.82","end_time":"4169.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9954","content":"commas"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4169.4","end_time":"4169.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4169.81","end_time":"4170.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.0","end_time":"4170.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.18","end_time":"4170.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.43","end_time":"4170.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.51","end_time":"4170.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.78","end_time":"4170.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4170.99","end_time":"4171.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4171.09","end_time":"4171.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4172.09","end_time":"4172.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4172.97","end_time":"4173.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8927","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4173.87","end_time":"4174.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.19","end_time":"4174.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Python"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.61","end_time":"4174.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.72","end_time":"4174.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4174.9","end_time":"4175.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reading"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4175.32","end_time":"4175.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4176.16","end_time":"4176.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4176.37","end_time":"4176.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4176.76","end_time":"4176.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4176.9","end_time":"4177.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"displaying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4177.51","end_time":"4177.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9864","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4177.65","end_time":"4177.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4177.77","end_time":"4178.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4178.33","end_time":"4178.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4178.55","end_time":"4179.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tabular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4179.05","end_time":"4179.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"format"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4180.75","end_time":"4180.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4180.98","end_time":"4181.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.07","end_time":"4181.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.64","end_time":"4181.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4181.72","end_time":"4181.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4181.93","end_time":"4182.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4183.74","end_time":"4184.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.01","end_time":"4184.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.43","end_time":"4184.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4184.64","end_time":"4185.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4186.47","end_time":"4186.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4186.99","end_time":"4187.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4187.16","end_time":"4187.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4187.85","end_time":"4188.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4188.08","end_time":"4188.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4190.04","end_time":"4190.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"Something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4190.44","end_time":"4190.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9516","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4190.61","end_time":"4190.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9884","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4190.86","end_time":"4190.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4190.99","end_time":"4191.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4191.15","end_time":"4191.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4191.21","end_time":"4191.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4192.52","end_time":"4193.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.07","end_time":"4193.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.23","end_time":"4193.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.29","end_time":"4193.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"capital"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4193.76","end_time":"4194.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"t"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4194.7","end_time":"4195.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.13","end_time":"4195.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4173","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4195.48","end_time":"4196.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4196.63","end_time":"4196.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4196.82","end_time":"4197.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4197.0","end_time":"4197.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4197.15","end_time":"4197.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9736","content":"input"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4197.8","end_time":"4198.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4198.35","end_time":"4198.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4198.6","end_time":"4198.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4198.72","end_time":"4198.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4198.82","end_time":"4199.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8218","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4199.05","end_time":"4199.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8968","content":"S"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4199.22","end_time":"4199.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8627","content":"V"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4200.03","end_time":"4200.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.737","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4200.84","end_time":"4201.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quotes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4201.26","end_time":"4201.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4201.85","end_time":"4202.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.06","end_time":"4202.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"takes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.31","end_time":"4202.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5452","content":"him"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.46","end_time":"4202.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4202.61","end_time":"4203.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"string"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4205.46","end_time":"4205.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4205.67","end_time":"4206.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4206.04","end_time":"4206.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8099","content":"Minard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4206.58","end_time":"4206.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4206.68","end_time":"4206.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4206.77","end_time":"4207.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4209.26","end_time":"4209.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9888","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.35","end_time":"4209.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"wonder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.6","end_time":"4209.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4209.7","end_time":"4210.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.03","end_time":"4210.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.14","end_time":"4210.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.23","end_time":"4210.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9811","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.53","end_time":"4210.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.64","end_time":"4210.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4210.76","end_time":"4211.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8106","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4213.92","end_time":"4214.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4214.26","end_time":"4214.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4214.47","end_time":"4214.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4214.59","end_time":"4215.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4215.74","end_time":"4216.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4216.0","end_time":"4216.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8073","content":"Minard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4216.49","end_time":"4216.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4216.7","end_time":"4217.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8829","content":"Ah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4217.73","end_time":"4217.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4217.86","end_time":"4218.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9004","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.22","end_time":"4218.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9746","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4218.76","end_time":"4219.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4219.43","end_time":"4219.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9724","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4219.75","end_time":"4220.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"falls"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.03","end_time":"4220.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.32","end_time":"4220.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.5","end_time":"4220.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4220.75","end_time":"4221.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4221.15","end_time":"4221.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"package"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4223.84","end_time":"4224.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7886","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4226.36","end_time":"4227.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.04","end_time":"4227.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.2","end_time":"4227.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.44","end_time":"4227.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.53","end_time":"4227.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"different"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4227.85","end_time":"4228.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cities"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4228.42","end_time":"4228.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"where"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4228.68","end_time":"4229.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4229.48","end_time":"4230.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"located"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4230.86","end_time":"4231.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9914","content":"Uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4231.29","end_time":"4231.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4231.62","end_time":"4232.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"direction"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4232.24","end_time":"4232.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4232.37","end_time":"4232.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"going"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4232.71","end_time":"4232.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4232.9","end_time":"4233.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4233.03","end_time":"4233.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4233.17","end_time":"4233.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4233.37","end_time":"4234.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"survivors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4234.03","end_time":"4234.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4234.08","end_time":"4234.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9721","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4234.28","end_time":"4234.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4234.4","end_time":"4234.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9991","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4234.5","end_time":"4234.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"temperature"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4234.96","end_time":"4235.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4235.24","end_time":"4235.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4235.35","end_time":"4235.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4235.59","end_time":"4235.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4235.73","end_time":"4236.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4241.45","end_time":"4242.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4242.86","end_time":"4243.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4243.01","end_time":"4243.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4243.38","end_time":"4243.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4243.62","end_time":"4243.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4243.69","end_time":"4244.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.23","end_time":"4244.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.46","end_time":"4244.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4244.56","end_time":"4245.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.23","end_time":"4245.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8353","content":"on"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.38","end_time":"4245.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8045","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.43","end_time":"4245.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specific"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4245.96","end_time":"4246.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.22","end_time":"4246.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.37","end_time":"4246.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4864","content":"rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4246.76","end_time":"4246.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.87","end_time":"4246.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4246.94","end_time":"4247.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.08","end_time":"4247.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.16","end_time":"4247.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.62","end_time":"4247.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.85","end_time":"4247.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4247.99","end_time":"4248.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.27","end_time":"4248.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.58","end_time":"4248.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7385","content":"numb"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4248.79","end_time":"4249.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4249.25","end_time":"4249.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4249.43","end_time":"4249.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7628","content":"Dr"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4249.84","end_time":"4250.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9691","content":"Ruth"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4254.04","end_time":"4254.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4254.43","end_time":"4254.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.21","end_time":"4256.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.44","end_time":"4256.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.54","end_time":"4256.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4256.87","end_time":"4257.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"place"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.23","end_time":"4257.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.42","end_time":"4257.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.57","end_time":"4257.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"pull"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4257.93","end_time":"4258.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.63","end_time":"4258.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.702","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4258.76","end_time":"4259.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4259.18","end_time":"4259.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4260.72","end_time":"4260.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4260.91","end_time":"4261.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.01","end_time":"4261.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.15","end_time":"4261.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.23","end_time":"4261.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.33","end_time":"4261.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7463","content":"website"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4261.8","end_time":"4262.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"schedule"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4265.25","end_time":"4265.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.4","end_time":"4265.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.57","end_time":"4265.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4265.93","end_time":"4266.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4266.05","end_time":"4266.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lecture"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4267.46","end_time":"4267.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4267.62","end_time":"4267.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clicking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4267.97","end_time":"4268.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4268.17","end_time":"4268.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9886","content":"link"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4268.81","end_time":"4269.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.04","end_time":"4269.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.27","end_time":"4269.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"will"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.43","end_time":"4269.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"grab"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.7","end_time":"4269.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4269.8","end_time":"4270.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4270.18","end_time":"4270.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"folder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4271.17","end_time":"4271.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4271.42","end_time":"4271.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9004","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4272.23","end_time":"4272.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4272.68","end_time":"4273.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"well"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4273.1","end_time":"4273.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.22","end_time":"4273.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7615","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.37","end_time":"4273.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.7","end_time":"4273.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.734","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.82","end_time":"4273.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4273.95","end_time":"4274.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4274.04","end_time":"4274.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4274.13","end_time":"4274.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4274.25","end_time":"4274.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4274.51","end_time":"4274.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"huh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4274.92","end_time":"4275.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4275.43","end_time":"4275.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4275.88","end_time":"4276.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.07","end_time":"4276.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.24","end_time":"4276.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.32","end_time":"4276.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"whole"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4276.51","end_time":"4276.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"folder"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4276.93","end_time":"4277.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.09","end_time":"4277.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"includes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.56","end_time":"4277.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4277.9","end_time":"4278.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2515","content":"CSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4278.39","end_time":"4278.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"files"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4278.79","end_time":"4278.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4278.9","end_time":"4279.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9762","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4279.02","end_time":"4279.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"Like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.21","end_time":"4279.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.35","end_time":"4279.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"image"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4279.66","end_time":"4280.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"files"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.08","end_time":"4280.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.2","end_time":"4280.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"stuff"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.67","end_time":"4280.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.92","end_time":"4280.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4280.96","end_time":"4281.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.2","end_time":"4281.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.26","end_time":"4281.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4281.33","end_time":"4282.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"presentation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4282.15","end_time":"4282.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.462","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4282.44","end_time":"4282.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"Good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4282.62","end_time":"4283.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"question"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4284.43","end_time":"4284.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4284.85","end_time":"4285.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"these"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4285.01","end_time":"4285.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7992","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4285.1","end_time":"4285.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4285.3","end_time":"4285.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4285.54","end_time":"4285.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"basic"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4285.95","end_time":"4286.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4286.29","end_time":"4286.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9647","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4286.68","end_time":"4286.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8873","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4286.84","end_time":"4287.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"How"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.06","end_time":"4287.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.24","end_time":"4287.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.61","end_time":"4287.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6703","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4287.8","end_time":"4288.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.06","end_time":"4288.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.16","end_time":"4288.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.33","end_time":"4288.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968","content":"many"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4288.53","end_time":"4288.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7789","content":"Rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4288.82","end_time":"4289.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9499","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.11","end_time":"4289.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4289.72","end_time":"4289.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"One"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4289.95","end_time":"4290.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.12","end_time":"4290.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.24","end_time":"4290.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"keep"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.42","end_time":"4290.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.5","end_time":"4290.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"mind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.75","end_time":"4290.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4290.85","end_time":"4291.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4291.11","end_time":"4291.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"Rose"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.16","end_time":"4292.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.51","end_time":"4292.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4292.74","end_time":"4293.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"count"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.07","end_time":"4293.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4293.26","end_time":"4293.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4293.57","end_time":"4294.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4294.04","end_time":"4294.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8613","content":"hetero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4294.94","end_time":"4295.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4295.09","end_time":"4295.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4296.06","end_time":"4296.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4296.23","end_time":"4296.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"says"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4296.43","end_time":"4296.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4296.51","end_time":"4296.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4296.75","end_time":"4297.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"eight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4297.1","end_time":"4297.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8172","content":"rows"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4297.69","end_time":"4297.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4297.88","end_time":"4298.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6116","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.18","end_time":"4298.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7247","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.46","end_time":"4298.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4298.94","end_time":"4299.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9372","content":"eight"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4299.2","end_time":"4299.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9904","content":"cities"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4300.48","end_time":"4300.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4300.71","end_time":"4300.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4300.83","end_time":"4301.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9408","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.19","end_time":"4301.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.44","end_time":"4301.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"count"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.73","end_time":"4301.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.86","end_time":"4301.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4301.96","end_time":"4302.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8448","content":"row"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4306.76","end_time":"4307.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4307.03","end_time":"4307.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4308.54","end_time":"4308.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4308.8","end_time":"4309.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4309.25","end_time":"4309.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6102","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4309.44","end_time":"4309.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"label"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4309.92","end_time":"4310.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.13","end_time":"4310.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9942","content":"exists"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.67","end_time":"4310.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.79","end_time":"4310.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4310.89","end_time":"4311.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.15","end_time":"4311.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.28","end_time":"4311.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9468","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4311.4","end_time":"4311.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4312.18","end_time":"4312.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4312.41","end_time":"4312.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9647","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4312.75","end_time":"4313.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"long"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.37","end_time":"4313.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4313.52","end_time":"4314.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"cumbersome"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.06","end_time":"4314.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9725","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.19","end_time":"4314.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ugly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4314.6","end_time":"4314.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.69","end_time":"4314.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"might"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.86","end_time":"4314.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4314.98","end_time":"4315.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4315.04","end_time":"4315.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4315.47","end_time":"4315.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4315.56","end_time":"4315.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4315.97","end_time":"4316.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9109","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4316.19","end_time":"4316.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"This"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.32","end_time":"4316.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"happens"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.67","end_time":"4316.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4316.75","end_time":"4317.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"lot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4317.49","end_time":"4317.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.27","end_time":"4318.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.57","end_time":"4318.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4318.68","end_time":"4319.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"download"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.18","end_time":"4319.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.47","end_time":"4319.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4319.67","end_time":"4320.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"somewhere"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4321.33","end_time":"4321.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4321.48","end_time":"4321.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4321.67","end_time":"4321.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4321.86","end_time":"4322.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4322.18","end_time":"4322.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ugly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4322.58","end_time":"4323.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4323.49","end_time":"4323.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4323.67","end_time":"4323.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4323.82","end_time":"4324.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"only"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4324.08","end_time":"4324.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7591","content":"wanna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4324.5","end_time":"4324.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9907","content":"maybe"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4325.17","end_time":"4325.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4325.65","end_time":"4326.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"certain"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4326.06","end_time":"4326.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4326.83","end_time":"4327.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.25","end_time":"4327.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9905","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.31","end_time":"4327.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"large"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.69","end_time":"4327.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4327.94","end_time":"4328.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9192","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4328.55","end_time":"4328.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.68","end_time":"4328.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.76","end_time":"4328.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9789","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.88","end_time":"4328.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4328.94","end_time":"4329.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4329.12","end_time":"4329.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4329.27","end_time":"4329.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"simpler"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4329.68","end_time":"4330.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4330.55","end_time":"4330.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4330.76","end_time":"4330.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4330.93","end_time":"4331.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4331.06","end_time":"4331.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4331.21","end_time":"4331.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4331.35","end_time":"4331.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4331.54","end_time":"4331.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4334.55","end_time":"4334.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9818","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4334.79","end_time":"4334.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3544","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4334.9","end_time":"4335.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4335.3","end_time":"4335.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9855","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4335.59","end_time":"4335.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6587","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4336.0","end_time":"4336.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9891","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4337.42","end_time":"4337.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4339.6","end_time":"4339.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9895","content":"Other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4339.9","end_time":"4340.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7909","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4340.71","end_time":"4341.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4344.95","end_time":"4345.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.17","end_time":"4345.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.35","end_time":"4345.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"from"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.59","end_time":"4345.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8897","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4345.81","end_time":"4346.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4962","content":"sign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4346.02","end_time":"4346.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9871","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.16","end_time":"4346.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4346.59","end_time":"4347.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4347.02","end_time":"4347.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"related"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4347.55","end_time":"4348.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4348.07","end_time":"4348.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964","content":"within"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4348.34","end_time":"4348.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4348.59","end_time":"4348.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9957","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4351.43","end_time":"4351.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4351.82","end_time":"4352.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4352.28","end_time":"4352.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9009","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4352.98","end_time":"4353.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4353.57","end_time":"4353.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4353.85","end_time":"4354.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4354.09","end_time":"4354.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4354.34","end_time":"4354.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4354.51","end_time":"4354.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9774","content":"import"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4354.88","end_time":"4355.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4355.11","end_time":"4355.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9937","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4355.6","end_time":"4355.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7927","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4355.71","end_time":"4355.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9439","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4355.79","end_time":"4356.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"star"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4356.94","end_time":"4357.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4357.12","end_time":"4357.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.16","end_time":"4357.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.33","end_time":"4357.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.47","end_time":"4357.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.56","end_time":"4357.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9896","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.8","end_time":"4357.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4357.91","end_time":"4358.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"word"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.18","end_time":"4358.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.848","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.4","end_time":"4358.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"science"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4358.93","end_time":"4359.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.14","end_time":"4359.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"refer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.53","end_time":"4359.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4359.62","end_time":"4359.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8636","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4362.85","end_time":"4363.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6767","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4365.55","end_time":"4365.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Yes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4368.75","end_time":"4369.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7837","content":"Yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4369.9","end_time":"4370.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"yeah"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4370.3","end_time":"4370.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4370.63","end_time":"4370.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4370.82","end_time":"4371.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4371.14","end_time":"4371.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.22","end_time":"4371.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.37","end_time":"4371.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4371.46","end_time":"4371.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exactly"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4371.84","end_time":"4372.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6363","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.03","end_time":"4372.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9862","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.25","end_time":"4372.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.44","end_time":"4372.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.69","end_time":"4372.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.8","end_time":"4372.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4372.88","end_time":"4373.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4373.06","end_time":"4373.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4374.28","end_time":"4374.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"Other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4374.77","end_time":"4375.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"questions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4376.75","end_time":"4377.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7687","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4377.49","end_time":"4378.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4378.49","end_time":"4378.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4378.74","end_time":"4378.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4378.88","end_time":"4379.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.14","end_time":"4379.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9912","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.3","end_time":"4379.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.54","end_time":"4379.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.62","end_time":"4379.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9715","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4379.94","end_time":"4380.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4380.42","end_time":"4380.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"preview"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4380.89","end_time":"4381.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.0","end_time":"4381.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.21","end_time":"4381.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.32","end_time":"4381.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.41","end_time":"4381.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4381.75","end_time":"4382.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9892","content":"commands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4382.2","end_time":"4382.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.3","end_time":"4382.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4382.52","end_time":"4382.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.61","end_time":"4382.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.77","end_time":"4382.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4382.87","end_time":"4382.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4382.99","end_time":"4383.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4383.63","end_time":"4383.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"learn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4383.96","end_time":"4384.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"every"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4384.27","end_time":"4384.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4384.74","end_time":"4384.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4384.93","end_time":"4385.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"watching"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.29","end_time":"4385.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.39","end_time":"4385.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4385.56","end_time":"4385.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4385.74","end_time":"4386.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4386.16","end_time":"4386.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9826","content":"you'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4386.36","end_time":"4386.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4386.64","end_time":"4386.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4386.81","end_time":"4387.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9941","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.14","end_time":"4387.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9938","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.22","end_time":"4387.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.33","end_time":"4387.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9799","content":"textbook"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4387.79","end_time":"4387.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4387.91","end_time":"4388.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8842","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.02","end_time":"4388.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.19","end_time":"4388.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.3","end_time":"4388.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.39","end_time":"4388.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"list"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.74","end_time":"4388.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.84","end_time":"4388.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4388.95","end_time":"4389.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9875","content":"exams"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4389.43","end_time":"4389.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4389.53","end_time":"4389.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9927","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4389.78","end_time":"4390.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4390.08","end_time":"4390.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4390.22","end_time":"4390.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4390.3","end_time":"4390.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4390.61","end_time":"4391.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8416","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4391.04","end_time":"4391.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4391.14","end_time":"4391.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4391.23","end_time":"4391.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"should"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4391.38","end_time":"4391.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4391.63","end_time":"4391.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"know"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4391.83","end_time":"4392.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4392.32","end_time":"4392.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4392.59","end_time":"4392.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9782","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4392.69","end_time":"4393.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4393.03","end_time":"4393.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"them"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4393.75","end_time":"4394.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5153","content":"Thio"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4394.27","end_time":"4394.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4394.59","end_time":"4394.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4394.73","end_time":"4394.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4394.83","end_time":"4395.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4395.48","end_time":"4395.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4652","content":"All"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4395.54","end_time":"4395.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9461","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4395.68","end_time":"4395.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4395.8","end_time":"4396.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.48","end_time":"4396.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.65","end_time":"4396.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4396.92","end_time":"4397.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9935","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4397.75","end_time":"4398.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"First"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4398.09","end_time":"4398.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4398.17","end_time":"4398.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"all"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4398.5","end_time":"4398.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4398.71","end_time":"4399.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9909","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4399.06","end_time":"4399.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4399.21","end_time":"4399.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"available"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4400.35","end_time":"4400.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9261","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4400.83","end_time":"4401.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.05","end_time":"4401.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.17","end_time":"4401.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"download"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.86","end_time":"4401.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9842","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4401.96","end_time":"4402.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.24","end_time":"4402.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"set"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4402.5","end_time":"4402.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9617","content":"there's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4402.7","end_time":"4403.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"often"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4403.39","end_time":"4404.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"hundreds"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.15","end_time":"4404.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.35","end_time":"4404.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thousands"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.87","end_time":"4404.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4404.97","end_time":"4405.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4405.92","end_time":"4406.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4406.75","end_time":"4406.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4406.96","end_time":"4407.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4407.26","end_time":"4407.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4407.45","end_time":"4407.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4407.65","end_time":"4408.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"scrolling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4408.37","end_time":"4408.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"over"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4409.04","end_time":"4409.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.21","end_time":"4409.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.35","end_time":"4409.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.42","end_time":"4409.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"quick"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.74","end_time":"4409.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8865","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4409.89","end_time":"4410.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9537","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4410.03","end_time":"4410.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4410.36","end_time":"4410.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4410.67","end_time":"4410.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4410.94","end_time":"4411.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4411.04","end_time":"4411.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4411.52","end_time":"4411.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4413.14","end_time":"4413.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4416.43","end_time":"4416.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"let's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4416.71","end_time":"4417.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"say"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4417.21","end_time":"4417.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4417.38","end_time":"4417.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"find"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4417.79","end_time":"4418.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4418.0","end_time":"4418.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9217","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4418.31","end_time":"4418.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9877","content":"City"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4418.79","end_time":"4419.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9948","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.03","end_time":"4419.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"descriptive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4419.59","end_time":"4420.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"enough"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4421.32","end_time":"4421.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4421.48","end_time":"4421.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4421.76","end_time":"4421.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9402","content":"re"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4421.98","end_time":"4422.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9402","content":"label"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.46","end_time":"4422.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9958","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.81","end_time":"4422.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9959","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4422.93","end_time":"4423.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4423.11","end_time":"4423.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9902","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4423.5","end_time":"4423.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4425.35","end_time":"4425.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8971","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4425.64","end_time":"4425.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4425.73","end_time":"4425.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4425.8","end_time":"4426.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9811","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4426.55","end_time":"4427.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"decide"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.17","end_time":"4427.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9901","content":"whatever"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.5","end_time":"4427.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.56","end_time":"4427.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9813","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.75","end_time":"4427.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4427.81","end_time":"4428.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"call"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4428.16","end_time":"4428.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4428.95","end_time":"4430.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.4","end_time":"4435.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.55","end_time":"4435.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"looks"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.75","end_time":"4435.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4435.92","end_time":"4436.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9808","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4436.01","end_time":"4437.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7427","content":"relabeled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4437.62","end_time":"4438.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.03","end_time":"4438.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.12","end_time":"4438.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9743","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.27","end_time":"4438.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9906","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4438.61","end_time":"4439.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4439.6","end_time":"4439.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.75","end_time":"4439.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4439.91","end_time":"4440.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4440.08","end_time":"4440.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4440.36","end_time":"4440.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4440.5","end_time":"4441.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6227","content":"relabel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4441.17","end_time":"4441.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"command"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4442.47","end_time":"4442.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4442.9","end_time":"4443.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4443.31","end_time":"4443.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gives"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4443.54","end_time":"4443.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4443.66","end_time":"4443.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4443.93","end_time":"4444.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4444.0","end_time":"4444.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"new"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4444.43","end_time":"4444.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4444.94","end_time":"4445.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4445.09","end_time":"4445.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4445.17","end_time":"4445.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"manipulation"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4445.97","end_time":"4446.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4446.16","end_time":"4446.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4446.5","end_time":"4446.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"asked"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4446.89","end_time":"4447.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.44","end_time":"4447.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4447.72","end_time":"4448.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4448.08","end_time":"4448.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4448.4","end_time":"4448.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4448.48","end_time":"4448.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"original"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4448.95","end_time":"4449.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4449.84","end_time":"4449.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4449.98","end_time":"4450.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.14","end_time":"4450.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.28","end_time":"4450.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.49","end_time":"4450.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4450.59","end_time":"4451.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4451.09","end_time":"4451.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4451.36","end_time":"4451.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we've"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4451.55","end_time":"4451.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"seen"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4451.77","end_time":"4452.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"before"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4452.11","end_time":"4452.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4452.23","end_time":"4452.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variables"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4452.95","end_time":"4453.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9953","content":"When"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.34","end_time":"4453.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9897","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.53","end_time":"4453.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9788","content":"update"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4453.99","end_time":"4454.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9482","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4454.04","end_time":"4454.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.15","end_time":"4455.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.43","end_time":"4455.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.68","end_time":"4455.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4455.77","end_time":"4456.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4456.2","end_time":"4456.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4456.37","end_time":"4456.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9921","content":"manipulated"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4456.95","end_time":"4457.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4457.07","end_time":"4457.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4457.27","end_time":"4457.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4457.85","end_time":"4458.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.0","end_time":"4458.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.33","end_time":"4458.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4458.51","end_time":"4459.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"saved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.04","end_time":"4459.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.39","end_time":"4459.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4459.48","end_time":"4460.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"specifically"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.1","end_time":"4460.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9899","content":"store"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4460.56","end_time":"4460.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.22","end_time":"4461.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.72","end_time":"4461.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4461.94","end_time":"4462.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.03","end_time":"4462.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.27","end_time":"4462.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.38","end_time":"4462.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4462.57","end_time":"4463.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4463.49","end_time":"4463.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9989","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4463.84","end_time":"4464.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"last"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.13","end_time":"4464.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.3","end_time":"4464.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"we"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.4","end_time":"4464.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.57","end_time":"4464.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4464.87","end_time":"4465.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.12","end_time":"4465.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4465.65","end_time":"4466.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9351","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4466.09","end_time":"4466.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8765","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4466.88","end_time":"4467.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4467.02","end_time":"4467.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9894","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4467.16","end_time":"4467.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4467.4","end_time":"4467.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5963","content":"doubled"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4467.72","end_time":"4467.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4467.79","end_time":"4468.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.12","end_time":"4468.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.24","end_time":"4468.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"showed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.52","end_time":"4468.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.63","end_time":"4468.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4468.79","end_time":"4469.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"answer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4469.54","end_time":"4469.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4469.76","end_time":"4469.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4469.85","end_time":"4469.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4469.96","end_time":"4470.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.05","end_time":"4470.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9232","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.21","end_time":"4470.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9098","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.28","end_time":"4470.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4470.78","end_time":"4471.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"double"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.14","end_time":"4471.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9858","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.29","end_time":"4471.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4471.81","end_time":"4471.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4471.93","end_time":"4472.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4472.12","end_time":"4472.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6855","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4472.24","end_time":"4472.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3174","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4472.82","end_time":"4473.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9916","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.12","end_time":"4473.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4473.91","end_time":"4474.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6207","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4474.01","end_time":"4474.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5303","content":"sine"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4474.64","end_time":"4475.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equals"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4475.66","end_time":"4476.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9452","content":"Assign"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4476.19","end_time":"4476.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4476.42","end_time":"4476.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4476.52","end_time":"4476.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4476.84","end_time":"4477.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4477.01","end_time":"4477.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"variable"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4477.39","end_time":"4477.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9784","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4477.71","end_time":"4477.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5904","content":"two"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4478.6","end_time":"4478.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9571","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4478.98","end_time":"4479.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.15","end_time":"4479.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.26","end_time":"4479.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.37","end_time":"4479.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9893","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.57","end_time":"4479.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4479.64","end_time":"4480.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.23","end_time":"4480.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4480.98","end_time":"4481.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.28","end_time":"4481.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9736","content":"label"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.77","end_time":"4481.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4481.95","end_time":"4482.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4482.6","end_time":"4482.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4482.77","end_time":"4482.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4482.86","end_time":"4483.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"future"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.75","end_time":"4484.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4484.91","end_time":"4485.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.806","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4485.08","end_time":"4485.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4485.29","end_time":"4485.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"refer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4485.74","end_time":"4485.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4485.88","end_time":"4486.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.03","end_time":"4486.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9961","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.23","end_time":"4486.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4486.6","end_time":"4487.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9028","content":"names"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4491.24","end_time":"4491.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Now"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4491.68","end_time":"4491.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4491.85","end_time":"4492.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"label"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.45","end_time":"4492.65","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9945","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.65","end_time":"4492.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4492.94","end_time":"4493.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9487","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.21","end_time":"4494.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.35","end_time":"4494.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8822","content":"makes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4494.49","end_time":"4494.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sense"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4501.54","end_time":"4502.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4502.12","end_time":"4502.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"I'm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4502.24","end_time":"4502.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"gonna"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4504.03","end_time":"4504.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9446","content":"relabel"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4504.57","end_time":"4504.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9796","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4504.86","end_time":"4505.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4505.26","end_time":"4505.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4505.46","end_time":"4506.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9885","content":"survivors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4506.3","end_time":"4506.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7544","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4506.43","end_time":"4506.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4506.84","end_time":"4507.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"alive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4509.74","end_time":"4510.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"What's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4510.09","end_time":"4510.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4510.2","end_time":"4510.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4515.94","end_time":"4516.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"Invalid"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4516.7","end_time":"4517.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8686","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.22","end_time":"4517.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.62","end_time":"4517.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"Labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4517.98","end_time":"4518.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"must"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4518.21","end_time":"4518.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4518.63","end_time":"4519.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.1","end_time":"4519.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.24","end_time":"4519.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.63","end_time":"4519.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4519.78","end_time":"4520.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"order"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4520.04","end_time":"4520.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4520.14","end_time":"4520.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4520.33","end_time":"4521.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9936","content":"replaced"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4523.7","end_time":"4524.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9855","content":"City"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.1","end_time":"4524.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4524.42","end_time":"4525.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"exist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4525.1","end_time":"4525.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4527.54","end_time":"4527.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9939","content":"here"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4532.23","end_time":"4532.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4532.37","end_time":"4532.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4532.75","end_time":"4533.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"replaced"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4533.63","end_time":"4533.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4533.93","end_time":"4534.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.09","end_time":"4534.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9922","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4534.37","end_time":"4534.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4535.5","end_time":"4535.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4538.68","end_time":"4538.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"There"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4538.93","end_time":"4539.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4539.24","end_time":"4539.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4540.88","end_time":"4541.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4541.14","end_time":"4541.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4541.43","end_time":"4542.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"no"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4542.05","end_time":"4542.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4542.49","end_time":"4543.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"anymore"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4543.49","end_time":"4543.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4543.83","end_time":"4544.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4544.09","end_time":"4544.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4544.17","end_time":"4544.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4544.41","end_time":"4544.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"words"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4546.44","end_time":"4546.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9658","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4546.52","end_time":"4546.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"don't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4546.81","end_time":"4547.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4547.15","end_time":"4547.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"need"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4547.4","end_time":"4547.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.77","end_time":"4549.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"If"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4549.97","end_time":"4550.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.05","end_time":"4550.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963","content":"want"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.25","end_time":"4550.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.32","end_time":"4550.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6902","content":"re"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4550.53","end_time":"4551.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6902","content":"label"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4551.21","end_time":"4551.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9774","content":"survivors"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4551.99","end_time":"4552.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4552.17","end_time":"4552.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4552.56","end_time":"4553.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"alive"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4553.34","end_time":"4553.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4553.47","end_time":"4553.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4553.63","end_time":"4553.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4553.79","end_time":"4554.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4554.14","end_time":"4554.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4555.14","end_time":"4555.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"again"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4559.44","end_time":"4559.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8982","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4559.55","end_time":"4559.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"already"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4559.82","end_time":"4560.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4560.23","end_time":"4560.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6674","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4560.37","end_time":"4560.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8037","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4560.5","end_time":"4560.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4560.75","end_time":"4561.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9291","content":"problem"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4564.1","end_time":"4564.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4564.34","end_time":"4564.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"not"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4564.72","end_time":"4565.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4565.25","end_time":"4566.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.11","end_time":"4567.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4567.65","end_time":"4568.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9257","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.1","end_time":"4568.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.26","end_time":"4568.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4071","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4568.46","end_time":"4568.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3906","content":"art"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4568.84","end_time":"4569.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9635","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.07","end_time":"4569.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4569.75","end_time":"4570.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.11","end_time":"4570.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.21","end_time":"4570.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7579","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4570.63","end_time":"4570.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"showing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4570.99","end_time":"4571.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4571.13","end_time":"4571.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4571.28","end_time":"4571.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4571.38","end_time":"4571.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"change"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4571.72","end_time":"4571.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4571.9","end_time":"4572.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"look"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4572.12","end_time":"4572.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4572.88","end_time":"4573.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.05","end_time":"4573.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.14","end_time":"4573.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"underlying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.6","end_time":"4573.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4573.94","end_time":"4574.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"doesn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4574.25","end_time":"4574.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"get"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4574.4","end_time":"4574.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4574.81","end_time":"4575.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"unless"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.15","end_time":"4575.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.26","end_time":"4575.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7554","content":"save"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.59","end_time":"4575.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7554","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.68","end_time":"4575.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4575.93","end_time":"4576.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4721","content":"Minard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4577.43","end_time":"4577.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4577.68","end_time":"4577.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9879","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4577.87","end_time":"4578.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4578.01","end_time":"4578.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4578.5","end_time":"4578.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"annoying"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4578.92","end_time":"4579.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9251","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4579.08","end_time":"4579.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9479","content":"they're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4579.24","end_time":"4579.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4579.51","end_time":"4579.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"having"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4579.85","end_time":"4580.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4580.12","end_time":"4580.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.806","content":"re"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4580.38","end_time":"4580.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5019","content":"saved"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4581.38","end_time":"4581.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4581.73","end_time":"4581.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4581.85","end_time":"4582.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.11","end_time":"4582.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"times"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4582.43","end_time":"4582.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.59","end_time":"4582.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"really"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4582.87","end_time":"4583.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4583.65","end_time":"4583.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4583.97","end_time":"4584.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.07","end_time":"4584.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.838","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.21","end_time":"4584.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.44","end_time":"4584.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.64","end_time":"4584.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4584.73","end_time":"4585.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4585.01","end_time":"4585.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"how"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4585.14","end_time":"4585.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4585.53","end_time":"4586.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"changes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4586.01","end_time":"4586.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"without"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4586.36","end_time":"4586.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4586.74","end_time":"4587.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"messing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.11","end_time":"4587.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"up"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.28","end_time":"4587.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.37","end_time":"4587.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"data"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.61","end_time":"4587.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.77","end_time":"4587.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4587.88","end_time":"4588.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4590.03","end_time":"4590.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4590.32","end_time":"4590.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4590.47","end_time":"4590.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"general"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4590.86","end_time":"4590.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4590.94","end_time":"4591.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"think"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4591.17","end_time":"4591.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9295","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4591.41","end_time":"4591.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4591.61","end_time":"4591.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4591.67","end_time":"4591.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"good"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4591.85","end_time":"4592.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"thing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4598.4","end_time":"4598.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8041","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4598.76","end_time":"4599.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4602.0","end_time":"4602.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"some"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4602.24","end_time":"4602.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"other"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4602.81","end_time":"4603.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"functions"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4603.24","end_time":"4603.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4603.37","end_time":"4603.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4603.45","end_time":"4604.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"useful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4605.23","end_time":"4605.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"picking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4605.72","end_time":"4605.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4605.96","end_time":"4606.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9913","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4606.01","end_time":"4606.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4607.1","end_time":"4607.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8778","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4607.53","end_time":"4607.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9848","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4607.95","end_time":"4608.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9493","content":"cities"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.39","end_time":"4608.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"did"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.6","end_time":"4608.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"they"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4608.73","end_time":"4609.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"go"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4609.0","end_time":"4609.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7495","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4609.97","end_time":"4610.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8812","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4610.59","end_time":"4610.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6711","content":"DOC"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4610.95","end_time":"4611.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9844","content":"COLUMN"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4611.81","end_time":"4612.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Does"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4612.23","end_time":"4612.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4613.87","end_time":"4614.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.53","end_time":"4614.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4614.99","end_time":"4615.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4615.16","end_time":"4615.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4615.27","end_time":"4615.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4615.48","end_time":"4615.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4615.73","end_time":"4616.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4616.06","end_time":"4616.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4616.39","end_time":"4616.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4616.52","end_time":"4616.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"giving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4616.89","end_time":"4617.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9774","content":"it"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.14","end_time":"4617.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.35","end_time":"4617.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.44","end_time":"4617.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.82","end_time":"4617.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4617.95","end_time":"4618.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.02","end_time":"4618.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.46","end_time":"4618.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4618.55","end_time":"4618.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4619.79","end_time":"4620.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"given"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.12","end_time":"4620.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.28","end_time":"4620.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.79","end_time":"4620.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4620.93","end_time":"4621.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4621.0","end_time":"4621.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4622.68","end_time":"4622.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4622.97","end_time":"4623.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8404","content":"mean"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.26","end_time":"4623.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7131","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.52","end_time":"4623.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4623.86","end_time":"4624.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.02","end_time":"4626.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9994","content":"tells"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.29","end_time":"4626.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9755","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.38","end_time":"4626.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.56","end_time":"4626.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4626.66","end_time":"4627.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4627.02","end_time":"4627.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4627.36","end_time":"4627.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4627.5","end_time":"4628.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Longitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4628.2","end_time":"4628.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4628.29","end_time":"4628.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"second"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4628.61","end_time":"4628.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4628.97","end_time":"4629.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9933","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4629.07","end_time":"4629.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Latitude"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4629.68","end_time":"4629.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4629.83","end_time":"4630.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"third"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.15","end_time":"4630.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7685","content":"columnist"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.66","end_time":"4630.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9812","content":"City"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4630.92","end_time":"4631.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4631.86","end_time":"4632.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9667","content":"Right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.25","end_time":"4632.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.45","end_time":"4632.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.52","end_time":"4632.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4632.72","end_time":"4633.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"ask"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.09","end_time":"4633.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.21","end_time":"4633.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4633.31","end_time":"4634.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4634.36","end_time":"4634.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9804","content":"City"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4634.77","end_time":"4635.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4635.3","end_time":"4635.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"What"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4635.46","end_time":"4636.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"contents"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4636.11","end_time":"4636.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4636.32","end_time":"4636.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9817","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.05","end_time":"4637.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.22","end_time":"4637.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"remember"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4637.55","end_time":"4637.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9931","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.71","end_time":"4637.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9943","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4637.78","end_time":"4638.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9934","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4638.77","end_time":"4639.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7773","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4639.02","end_time":"4639.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.11","end_time":"4639.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.61","end_time":"4639.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9839","content":"are"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.75","end_time":"4639.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9691","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4639.89","end_time":"4640.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8284","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.23","end_time":"4640.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.42","end_time":"4640.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"everything"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4640.82","end_time":"4641.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4641.0","end_time":"4641.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4641.11","end_time":"4641.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"same"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4641.42","end_time":"4641.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9976","content":"type"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4642.28","end_time":"4642.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7801","content":"Um"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4642.98","end_time":"4643.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9917","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.15","end_time":"4643.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9827","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.24","end_time":"4643.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"equivalent"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.69","end_time":"4643.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.81","end_time":"4643.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4643.91","end_time":"4644.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.04","end_time":"4644.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.24","end_time":"4644.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9967","content":"would"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.36","end_time":"4644.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.58","end_time":"4644.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.72","end_time":"4644.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4644.9","end_time":"4645.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4645.38","end_time":"4645.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4645.5","end_time":"4645.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4645.68","end_time":"4646.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4646.05","end_time":"4646.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4646.19","end_time":"4646.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.36","end_time":"4646.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.55","end_time":"4646.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"with"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.72","end_time":"4646.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.635","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4646.81","end_time":"4647.33","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4273","content":"Rays"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4647.65","end_time":"4648.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9197","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4648.13","end_time":"4648.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"start"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4648.39","end_time":"4648.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"counting"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4648.73","end_time":"4648.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9767","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4648.84","end_time":"4650.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"0012"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.07","end_time":"4653.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.34","end_time":"4653.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.42","end_time":"4653.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"could"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4653.6","end_time":"4654.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4655.12","end_time":"4655.63","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9819","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4655.64","end_time":"4656.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5073","content":"too"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4657.68","end_time":"4657.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4657.93","end_time":"4658.16","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9867","content":"pull"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4658.16","end_time":"4658.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4658.38","end_time":"4658.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4659.64","end_time":"4659.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4659.96","end_time":"4660.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"careful"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.47","end_time":"4660.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"when"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.61","end_time":"4660.75","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4660.75","end_time":"4661.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.06","end_time":"4661.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4661.19","end_time":"4661.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4662.2","end_time":"4663.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"because"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4663.11","end_time":"4663.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sometimes"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4663.7","end_time":"4663.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9992","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4663.84","end_time":"4664.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4664.13","end_time":"4664.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9903","content":"remove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4664.5","end_time":"4664.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9978","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4664.56","end_time":"4665.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.03","end_time":"4665.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9471","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.17","end_time":"4665.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7601","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.35","end_time":"4665.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4665.39","end_time":"4665.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9995","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4665.81","end_time":"4666.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9692","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.02","end_time":"4666.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.09","end_time":"4666.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"number"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.44","end_time":"4666.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"gets"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4666.69","end_time":"4667.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"changed"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4668.43","end_time":"4668.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9882","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4669.73","end_time":"4669.95","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4669.95","end_time":"4670.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.06","end_time":"4670.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.35","end_time":"4670.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.48","end_time":"4670.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"remove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.81","end_time":"4670.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4670.86","end_time":"4671.55","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4672.53","end_time":"4672.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.7","end_time":"4672.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4672.85","end_time":"4673.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"still"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4673.21","end_time":"4673.51","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"always"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4673.51","end_time":"4674.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4674.28","end_time":"4674.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"The"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4674.39","end_time":"4674.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5587","content":"city's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4674.89","end_time":"4675.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4675.04","end_time":"4675.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4675.25","end_time":"4675.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988","content":"way"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4675.99","end_time":"4676.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4676.21","end_time":"4676.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4676.32","end_time":"4676.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4676.46","end_time":"4676.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4676.69","end_time":"4676.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"add"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4676.98","end_time":"4677.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6189","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.07","end_time":"4677.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973","content":"remove"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.38","end_time":"4677.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9977","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.43","end_time":"4677.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4677.9","end_time":"4678.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4668","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.04","end_time":"4678.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.4057","content":"calm"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.4","end_time":"4678.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9686","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.68","end_time":"4678.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9868","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4678.81","end_time":"4679.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"actually"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4679.37","end_time":"4679.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7877","content":"turn"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4679.61","end_time":"4679.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"into"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4679.78","end_time":"4680.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9711","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.07","end_time":"4680.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"three"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.56","end_time":"4680.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"or"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4680.67","end_time":"4681.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"something"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4681.29","end_time":"4681.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4681.48","end_time":"4681.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9969","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4681.61","end_time":"4681.69","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4681.69","end_time":"4682.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"little"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4682.32","end_time":"4683.04","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"safer"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.04","end_time":"4683.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9998","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.18","end_time":"4683.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"use"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4683.46","end_time":"4683.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.22","end_time":"4684.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.4","end_time":"4684.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4684.81","end_time":"4685.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4685.11","end_time":"4685.28","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9993","content":"than"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4685.28","end_time":"4685.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4685.43","end_time":"4685.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4685.88","end_time":"4686.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4686.02","end_time":"4686.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"another"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4686.65","end_time":"4687.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"reason"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.03","end_time":"4687.17","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.17","end_time":"4687.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.44","end_time":"4687.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.67","end_time":"4687.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"this"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4687.84","end_time":"4688.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"better"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4688.12","end_time":"4688.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8636","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4688.24","end_time":"4688.39","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4688.39","end_time":"4688.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"just"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4688.56","end_time":"4688.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"easier"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4688.93","end_time":"4689.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.02","end_time":"4689.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"tell"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.3","end_time":"4689.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9834","content":"Your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.43","end_time":"4689.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9498","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.71","end_time":"4689.82","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9982","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4689.83","end_time":"4690.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4690.68","end_time":"4691.0","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9928","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.21","end_time":"4691.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.4","end_time":"4691.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4691.63","end_time":"4692.07","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4692.07","end_time":"4692.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5413","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4692.2","end_time":"4692.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2792","content":"nard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4692.53","end_time":"4692.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8477","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4692.77","end_time":"4693.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8578","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.13","end_time":"4693.46","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9805","content":"City"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.46","end_time":"4693.89","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4693.9","end_time":"4694.1","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4694.1","end_time":"4694.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"clear"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4694.38","end_time":"4694.49","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4694.49","end_time":"4694.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"you're"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4694.66","end_time":"4695.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"asking"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4695.08","end_time":"4695.25","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4695.25","end_time":"4695.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4695.35","end_time":"4695.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6447","content":"city's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4696.42","end_time":"4696.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"but"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4696.56","end_time":"4696.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4696.7","end_time":"4696.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4696.83","end_time":"4697.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"read"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4697.03","end_time":"4697.41","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.2872","content":"Minard"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4697.41","end_time":"4697.61","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8712","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4697.61","end_time":"4697.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9601","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.0","end_time":"4698.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5799","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4698.45","end_time":"4698.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9987","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.58","end_time":"4698.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.76","end_time":"4698.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4698.87","end_time":"4699.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"be"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4699.05","end_time":"4699.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4699.44","end_time":"4699.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9981","content":"Wait"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4699.86","end_time":"4700.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4700.05","end_time":"4700.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"were"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4700.18","end_time":"4700.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4700.3","end_time":"4700.78","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9657","content":"labels"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4700.78","end_time":"4700.91","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4700.91","end_time":"4701.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.13","end_time":"4701.26","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.26","end_time":"4701.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"was"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.44","end_time":"4701.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8905","content":"Index"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4701.84","end_time":"4702.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9341","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4702.19","end_time":"4702.36","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8088","content":"its"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4702.36","end_time":"4702.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9553","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.12","end_time":"4703.37","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"sort"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.37","end_time":"4703.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4703.46","end_time":"4704.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"processing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4704.09","end_time":"4704.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.21","end_time":"4704.4","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"have"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.4","end_time":"4704.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.5","end_time":"4704.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.67","end_time":"4704.76","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"to"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4704.76","end_time":"4705.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"figure"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.03","end_time":"4705.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.29","end_time":"4705.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9971","content":"what"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.44","end_time":"4705.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9249","content":"your"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.56","end_time":"4705.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9999","content":"code"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4705.88","end_time":"4706.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"means"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4708.02","end_time":"4708.19","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9965","content":"so"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4708.19","end_time":"4708.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4708.27","end_time":"4708.44","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4708.44","end_time":"4708.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"access"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4708.94","end_time":"4709.22","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"one"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.22","end_time":"4709.85","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"particular"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4709.85","end_time":"4710.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"element"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.27","end_time":"4710.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.39","end_time":"4710.47","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4710.47","end_time":"4711.01","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4711.4","end_time":"4712.05","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.06","end_time":"4712.43","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pulling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.43","end_time":"4712.56","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.56","end_time":"4712.6","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4712.6","end_time":"4713.34","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4713.82","end_time":"4713.99","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"And"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4713.99","end_time":"4714.13","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"then"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.13","end_time":"4714.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"that"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.31","end_time":"4714.7","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9985","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.7","end_time":"4714.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6053","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.83","end_time":"4714.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5991","content":"an"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4714.92","end_time":"4715.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9667","content":"array"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4715.99","end_time":"4716.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.2","end_time":"4716.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"pulling"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.52","end_time":"4716.66","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"out"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.66","end_time":"4716.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4716.79","end_time":"4717.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9734","content":"row"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4717.8","end_time":"4717.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"by"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4717.97","end_time":"4718.38","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"doing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4718.38","end_time":"4718.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9929","content":"dot"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4718.68","end_time":"4719.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4720.32","end_time":"4721.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"So"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4721.66","end_time":"4721.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"if"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4721.9","end_time":"4722.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4722.06","end_time":"4722.57","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"do"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4723.6","end_time":"4724.11","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8686","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4724.11","end_time":"4724.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4724.45","end_time":"4724.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"name"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4724.82","end_time":"4725.27","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5473","content":"items"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4725.27","end_time":"4725.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"zero"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4726.81","end_time":"4727.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"That's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4727.15","end_time":"4727.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"giving"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4727.62","end_time":"4728.06","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"me"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.46","end_time":"4728.62","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"the"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.62","end_time":"4728.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"very"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4728.92","end_time":"4729.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"first"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4729.42","end_time":"4729.84","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9996","content":"city"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4730.25","end_time":"4730.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"that's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4730.48","end_time":"4730.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"in"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4730.58","end_time":"4730.71","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"my"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4730.71","end_time":"4731.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4733.4","end_time":"4733.77","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7865","content":"right"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4733.78","end_time":"4734.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8834","content":"That"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.03","end_time":"4734.29","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"item"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.29","end_time":"4734.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979","content":"is"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.45","end_time":"4734.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.58","end_time":"4734.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9997","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4734.72","end_time":"4735.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9974","content":"raise"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4741.62","end_time":"4741.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"You"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4741.79","end_time":"4741.97","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"can"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4741.97","end_time":"4742.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"also"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4742.54","end_time":"4743.03","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.89","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4743.52","end_time":"4744.53","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"select"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4745.52","end_time":"4745.94","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"which"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4745.94","end_time":"4746.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"rather"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.31","end_time":"4746.5","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it's"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.5","end_time":"4746.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"kind"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.72","end_time":"4746.81","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"of"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4746.81","end_time":"4747.18","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"like"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4747.19","end_time":"4747.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"uh"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4747.74","end_time":"4748.15","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"choosing"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4748.15","end_time":"4748.2","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4748.2","end_time":"4748.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9986","content":"column"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4749.42","end_time":"4749.79","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"But"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4749.79","end_time":"4749.88","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4749.88","end_time":"4750.14","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.886","content":"couldn't"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4750.14","end_time":"4750.45","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4750.45","end_time":"4750.96","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"multiple"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4750.96","end_time":"4751.74","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"columns"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.12","end_time":"4752.31","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.31","end_time":"4752.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.68","end_time":"4752.98","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"give"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4752.98","end_time":"4753.23","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"back"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4753.23","end_time":"4753.3","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4753.3","end_time":"4753.86","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"table"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4759.32","end_time":"4759.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6759","content":"Okay"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4759.95","end_time":"4760.12","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8869","content":"we'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4760.12","end_time":"4760.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984","content":"stop"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4760.42","end_time":"4760.93","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9962","content":"there"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4762.12","end_time":"4762.58","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"and"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4762.58","end_time":"4762.67","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"I'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4762.67","end_time":"4762.8","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"see"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4762.8","end_time":"4762.87","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"you"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4762.87","end_time":"4763.08","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"guys"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4763.08","end_time":"4763.32","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"next"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4763.32","end_time":"4763.52","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"time"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4766.72","end_time":"4768.68","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9689","content":"This'll"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4768.69","end_time":"4768.83","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9601","content":"has"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4768.83","end_time":"4769.09","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"been"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4769.09","end_time":"4769.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8956","content":"a"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4769.22","end_time":"4769.42","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5251","content":"U"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4769.42","end_time":"4769.64","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.5251","content":"C"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"},{"start_time":"4769.64","end_time":"4769.9","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"San"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4769.9","end_time":"4770.24","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"Diego"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4770.25","end_time":"4771.02","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8737","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.03","end_time":"4771.21","alternatives":[{"confidence":"1.0","content":"for"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.21","end_time":"4771.54","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9949","content":"more"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.54","end_time":"4771.92","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9738","content":"visit"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4771.93","end_time":"4772.59","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9622","content":"podcast"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.59","end_time":"4772.73","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7887","content":"at"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4772.73","end_time":"4773.48","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9951","content":"UCSD"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4773.49","end_time":"4773.72","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7841","content":"got"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"start_time":"4773.73","end_time":"4774.35","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.3221","content":"CTU"}],"type":"pronunciation"},{"alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}],"type":"punctuation"}]},"status":"COMPLETED"}